Ukraine officials release new video from inside Zaporizhzhia nuclear plant after attack From CNN's From Tim Lister (Center for Strategic Communication of Ukraine) Ukrainian authorities have released video from inside the control room at the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power station which was taken over by Russian forces late Thursday. The video shows the inside of the control room as an announcement rings out on a PA system aimed at the Russian forces outside. Here is what the announcement said: Stop shooting at a nuclear dangerous facility. Stop shooting immediately! You threaten the security of the whole world!” The work of the vital organs of the Zaporizhzhia station may be disrupted. It will be impossible for us to restore it.” You are endangering the security of the entire world Attention! Stop shooting at a nuclear hazardous facility. Stop shooting at a nuclear hazardous facility! Stop shooting at a nuclear hazardous facility! Attention! Stop it!” More context: In a statement Friday morning local time the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate (SNRI) confirmed the Zaporizhzhia nuclear power plant in southeastern Ukraine was occupied by Russian military forces but said officials remained in contact with plant management. The power plant's six reactors remained intact though the compartment auxiliary buildings for reactor unit 1 had been damaged the SNRI said in its statement. Four of the remaining units were being cooled down while one unit is providing power the ‘statement said. Petro Kotin head of Ukraine's nuclear power operator Energoatom later reported that management were operating at ""gunpoint. He said on Telegram that Russian forces ""entered the territory of the nuclear power plant took control of the personnel and management of the nuclear power plant. Kotin warned that although the reactors are safe further attacks could lead to “disaster.” See the moments before Russian military forces took over nuclear power plant: On Scene Dnipro Ukraine . b Tl BREAKING NEWS UKRAINE RELEASES NEW VIDEO FROM INSIDE NUCLEAR PLANT AFTER ATTACK Coe rrr) 5 OF CHERNIV AND KHARKIV P SENIOR U.S. DEFENSE OFFICIAL SAYS RU: SNe aoe) CNN's Olya Voitovych and Lianne Kolirin contributed reporting to this post. b 