China says humanitarian situation in Ukraine is serious but countries shouldn't be forced to ""choose a side From CNN's Samantha Beech and Chris Hippensteel China's United Nations Ambassador Zhang Jun speaks during an emergency session of the General Assembly at the UN headquarters on Thursday. (Seth Wenig/AP) China's United Nations Ambassador Zhang Jun told UN General Assembly member countries that the humanitarian situation in Ukraine is becoming increasingly serious but that countries should not force others to “choose a side” in the conflict. The development of the situation in Ukraine to the present stage has triggered broad international concerns and it is also something China does not want to see. On Ukraine China has always maintained that the sovereignty and territorial integrity of all countries should be respected” Zhang said in translated remarks on Thursday. “Developing countries which make up the majority of the world are not parties to this conflict. They should not be drawn into the issue and forced to suffer the consequences of geopolitical conflicts and major power rivalry...Relevant countries should not adopt a simplistic approach of either friend or foe black or white and should not force any country to pick a side” he added. Zhang added that China will play “a constructive role in facilitating peace talks.” The General Assembly is hearing speeches on the humanitarian situation in Ukraine. Ukraine's resolution in the General Assembly condemns Russia for not allowing access for humanitarian aid is backed by more than 20 countries including the United States. On Wednesday US Ambassador to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield told UN General Assembly member countries that by voting in favor of the resolution which calls in part for an immediate cessation of hostilities by the Russian Federation in Ukraine they are “voting for an end to the war.” Zhang said Thursday China recognizes the purpose of the draft resolution. “At the same time it is clear that some elements of the draft resolution go beyond the humanitarian context” he said. General Assembly resolutions are non-binding but they carry political weight. On Wednesday China and Russia were the only countries to vote in favor of a UN Security Council draft resolution proposed by Russia on the humanitarian situation in Ukraine which failed to pass in the United Nations Security Council. Thomas-Greenfield spoke ahead of that vote stating that Russia was once again trying to use the Security Council to “provide cover for its brutal actions.” Speaking ahead of the UNGA vote Thursday Zhang said “Legitimate security concerns of all countries should be taken seriously and all efforts conducive to the peaceful resolution of the crisis should be supported.” “It is heart-wrenching to see the continued deterioration of humanitarian situation in Ukraine as well as the civilian casualties and massive displacement of people caused by the conflict. The top priority now is for the parties concerned to maintain maximum restraints avoid more civilian casualties and reach a negotiated ceasefire as soon as possible especially to prevent a larger-scale humanitarian crisis"" he added. oO 4:09 p.m. ET March 24 20; Russia and Ukraine battle for control of eastern city already ""completely destroyed"" in fighting From CNN's Paul P. Murphy Destruction near a church in the town of Izyum Ukraine is seen in this recent Facebook video. (Facebook) As Russia attempts to link advances made in the Kharkiv region of Ukraine with its stronghold in the far east of the country the city of Izyum has found itself caught up in terrible fighting a local official said. Council deputy Max Strelnyk told CNN the town had been “completely destroyed” by Russian aircraft and artillery even as fierce battles continued inside Izyum for control of the ground. Strelnyk said Russian troops occupied the northern part of the town and were attempting to cross the Seversky Donets River — which makes a U-shape as it runs through the town — to take the southern part as well currently held by Ukrainian armed forces. CNN has previously reported that much of central Izyum has been destroyed by military strikes. “Unfortunately we cannot say the exact number of dead [in the town]” Strelnyk said but he estimated ""more than a hundred” people had been killed in the fighting. He said Russian forces had already destroyed the hospital and the morgue. The town is under complete blockade” he said. Russian troops will not let anyone in or out"" he added meaning humanitarian aid is unable to reach the town. “There is no food water or medicine"" he said describing the situation as a humanitarian catastrophe. b 