Here's what Biden has said today in Warsaw ahead of a ""major address"" about Ukraine =“ = = a ae Us President Joe Biden participates in an arrival ceremony with Polish President Andrzej Duda on March 26 in Warsaw Poland. (Evan VuccV/AP) Us President Joe Biden is wrapping up his high-stakes foreign trip in Poland where he met with Ukrainian officials and the Polish president. Biden is meeting with Ukrainian refugees before delivering what the White House is billing as a ""major address” this afternoon. The US President while holding talks with Polish President Andrzej Duda said that peace in Europe is  adding that lack of some actions in two world wars ""has come back to haunt us.” Biden also called NATO's “a sacred commitment. Earlier Biden stopped into between Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba and Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov and their American counterparts Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin. Reznikov said he feels cautiously optimistic after the meeting. The United States has that there will be additional defense support for Ukraine Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said. Biden's trip comes off the heels of a series of this week in Brussels. After those summits Biden said he supported ejecting Russia from another summit the Group of 20 which is scheduled to convene in November though other members of that grouping would have to sign on. And he issued a vague warning that the United States would respond to potential chemical weapons use on the battlefield. But he maintained his view that direct US military intervention in Ukraine would result in catastrophe and defended a sanctions regime that so far has not stopped Russian President Vladimir Putin from intensifying his assault. CNN's Kevin Liptak contributed reporting to this post. b m ET March 26 2022 Ukrainian defense minister says he has ""cautious optimism"" after meeting with US officials From CNN's Chandler Thornton Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov said he feels cautiously optimistic following his meeting with US counterpart Lloyd Austin President Joe Biden and Secretary of State Antony Blinken Saturday. “lasses my & @DmytroKuleba meeting with @POTUS @SecDef @SecBlinken with cautious optimism” Reznikov said in a tweet adding there is ""mutual struggle with a common enemy. Reznikov said he and Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba discussed with the US officials ""urgent needs” of the Ukrainian army. Reznikov and Kuleba met with the US officials in Warsaw earlier Saturday where Kuleba said the US promised additional defense support for Ukraine. b 10:5 Biden meets with chef José Andrés at food distribution site in Poland From CNN's Allie Malloy ET March 26 2022  US President Joe Biden meets with chef José Andrés far right at a World Center Kitchen food distribution site in Warsaw Poland on March 26. (Evan Vucci/AP) US President Joe Biden met with chef José Andrés and volunteers in Warsaw Saturday at a food distribution site for Andrés’ World Center Kitchen the nonprofit devoted to providing meals in the wake of disasters. Biden met with some of the volunteers some of whom are from Europe and the United States. “God love ya” the President could be heard saying to them while asking if he could help them. b  0 Refinance & Save Select Loan Amount 15 YEAR FIXED | $250K a 2.50% 2.79% —Poso.990 APR Sean nC)  ¥ . aaa Marcti'27;""2022 Russia-Ukraine news By Helen Regan Steve George Lauren Said-Moorhouse Hafsa Khalil Joe Ruiz Mike Hayes Maureen Chowdhury and Eric Levenson CNN Updated 12:49 a.m. ET March 28 2022 What we covered * Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and the restoration of normal life are the ""obvious"" goals of Ukraine as the country enters into a new round of talks with Russia next week. ~ Russian forces continued missile strikes across Ukraine Sunday evening including the cities of Lutsk Kharkiv Zhytomyr and Rivne an adviser to President Zelensky said. * Ukraine's military intelligence head said Russian President Vladimir Putin could be Ukraine in two - like North and South Korea. Russia's operations around Kyiv had failed and it was now impossible for the Russian army to overthrow the Ukrainian government he said. « Having connection issues? Bookmark for fast connectivity. a All | CatchUp | On The Ground 49 Posts SORT BY Laiesitv 