Pussy Riot member says she's buoyed by Russians risking penalties to protest Ukrainian invasion From CNN's Keith Allen (CNN) Pussy Riot founding member Nadya Tolokonnikova joined CNN's State of the Union Sunday and told Jake Tapper that it’s incredible to see the ongoing protests in her native Russia especially given the risk associated with speaking out against the invasion of Ukraine. “One thing we need to understand about Russians opposing the war in Ukraine is that the numbers of people who are against the war are actually much higher than those you can see on the streets” Tolokonnikova said. “The price of participating in it today is increasingly high especially it became incredibly dangerous over the last week and people are facing jail time up to 15 years according to the new law even for tweets and stories and posts on social media. You can go to jail for up to 15 years and by going into the streets you're actually exposing yourself to a greater danger” she said. “Knowing that and seeing the thousands of people are still going to the streets and getting arrested shows that a lot of Russians are actually against the war” she added. Tolokonnikova told Tapper that in the wake of the government ban of Facebook and closure of the last remaining independent television station Russians have found alternative means such as using VPN to access accurate information about the invasion but that the cost involved makes it difficult for many to afford such technology. The musician and activist also shared with CNN a harrowing story about a family friend beaten and detained in a recent protest and added that her friends back in Russia are angry and terrified by the current circumstances. “A week ago police beat a friend of my daughter. My daughter is 14 her friend is 14 as well and she went with her dad to an anti-war protest and police started to beat her and her dad came to the policeman and said ‘what are you doing — she’s 14 don’t do that’ Then instead of beating the kid policemen switched to beating the dad and the dad ended up in the police station for a couple days pretty brutally beaten. Situations like that they're unfortunately happening quite often.” b 