Western scientists warn US policymakers against ""shunning all Russian scientists From CNN's Danya Gainor John Holdren a professor of environmental science and policy at Harvard University is the the lead author on the letter is seen in Hyannis Massachusetts on March 22 (Merrily Cassidy/USAToday Network) Five Western scientists have written a letter that calls on US policymakers and the rest of the scientific community to “avoid ‘shunning all Russian scientists” in response to the invasion of Ukraine. In their letter published Thursday in the journal Science the scientists said Putin and his associates deserve “every appropriately sized and targeted sanction against the Putin regime that the horrified world can devise.” But they said it would be a major setback if the world punished Russian scientists for the actions of their government. “Shutting down all interaction with Russian scientists would be a serious setback to a variety of Western and global interests and values which include making rapid progress on global challenges related to science and technology maintaining nonideological lines of communication across national boundaries and opposing ideological stereotyping and indiscriminate persecution” the scientists wrote. The lead author on the letter was John Holdren a professor of environmental science and policy at Harvard University. Holdren was previously the Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy under the Obama administration. The scientists noted that they had all participated in international collaborations and welcomed the outpouring of support for Ukrainian scientists. However they stressed that Russian scientists deserve the same security. The scientists noted the thousands of Russian academics and students living in the West who have criticized the Russian government publicly for their attack on Ukraine. “Surely these Russians should not be lumped together with leaders of the Russian state” the letter said. “Rather humanitarian provision should be made to ensure that as their visas and passports expire they are not forcibly repatriated to face not only isolation from their Western colleagues but also very possibly persecution.” Nina Federoff at the Pennsylvania State University Neal Lane at Rice University Nick Talbot at the Sainsbury Laboratory and Toby Spribille at the University of Alberta were also authors on the letter. oO 