Biden will ""speak directly"" about consequences of aiding Russia in call with Xi From CNN's Beljing Bureau Hannah Ritchie Nikki Carvajal and Kate Sullivan US President Joe Biden and Chinese President Xi Jinping will discuss Russia's invasion of Ukraine Friday according to a White House statement released Thursday. The phone call — the first known discussion between the two leaders since November — comes after recent assertions from US officials including Secretary of State Antony Blinken that Russia has asked China for military support in Ukraine. Beijing and Moscow have both denied the claims. Ina briefing Thursday White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki said the Biden administration had “high concern"" that China could provide Russia with military aid. “it is a high concem and significant concern. Our secretary of state just conveyed that and certainly our concerns about China assisting Russia in any way — as they invade a foreign country — is of significant concern and the response to that would be consequences” Psaki told reporters. “I'm just not going to outline what these consequences will look like. The President obviously will speak with President xi tomorrow and he'll speak directly about that"" she added. The two leaders will also discuss other bilateral issues like managing competition between the two countries the White House said on Thursday. Chinese state media did not mention the topics of discussion when announcing the calll only saying the leaders would ""exchange views"" on ""issues of common interest. Some context: The announcement of the call comes after an intense seven-hour meeting in Rome between Biden's national security adviser Jake Sullivan and top Chinese diplomat Yang Jiechi. During the meeting Sullivan warned his Chinese counterpart of ""potential implications and consequences"" for Beijing should support for Moscow be forthcoming a senior administration official said. Assistance from China would be a significant development in Russia's invasion of Ukraine. It could upend the hold Ukrainian forces still have in the country as well as provide a counterweight to the harsh sanctions imposed on Russia's economy. oO 