Russia sends warning to the US about transferring weapons to Ukraine. Here’s what we know Russia has threatened to target supplies of western weapons being shipped to Ukraine suggesting convoys with foreign weapons could be considered ""legitimate targets. “We warned the United States that pumping Ukraine with weapons from a number of countries orchestrated by them is not just a dangerous move but these are actions that turn the corresponding convoys into legitimate targets” Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said on the state-run Channel One according to Russia's state-owned RIA Novosti news agency. The warning could escalate the situation in Ukraine further. Some context: Ryabkov's comments came as the US directed $200 million in defense aid and services including military education and training for Ukraine. Aid includes small arms: A US administration official said the $200 million will provide “immediate military assistance to Ukraine"" and will include “anti-armor anti-aircraft systems and small arms in support of Ukraine's front-line defenders facing down Russia's unprovoked attack. President Joe Biden directed the drawdown using a memorandum that allows him to without legislative authority or budgetary appropriations. A White House official said the total amount of security assistance provided to Ukraine by the US is $1.2 billion in the past year. More military equipment needed in Ukraine: On Saturday Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky pleaded with allies for more aid saying “The evil which purposefully targets peaceful cities and ambulance vans and explodes hospitals will not stop with just one country.” He has repeatedly called for a no-fly zone to be imposed to stop Russian aircraft and for military planes to be sent to Ukraine. US reluctant to escalate further: The US is concerned that more direct measures could escalate tensions with nuclear. powered Russia even further and risk dragging NATO directly into the war. The US and other NATO members have so far provided Ukraine with about 17000 anti-tank missiles and 2000 Stinger anti- aircraft missiles to a senior US official. b 