Attacks on health systems are ""becoming part of the strategy and tactics of war"" WHO says From CNN's Naomi Thomas The World Health Organization slammed the unprecedented numbers of attacks on global health care systems Wednesday. “This issue is more important than bricks and mortar. This isn’t just about the destruction of buildings” Dr. Mike Ryan executive director of WHO's health emergencies program said while discussing Ukraine “This is about the destruction of hope. This is about taking away the very thing that gives people the reason to live. The fact that  0 their families can be taken care of that they can be cured if they’re sick that they can be treated if they're injured. This is the most basic of human rights and it has been directly denied to people and we are then in a position where we can’t send assistance to those people because the very act of attacking those facilities or not taking care to avoid those facilities means we can’t send the appropriate help when it’s needed” he said. Ryan said that attacks on health care encompassing workers and facilities means health systems are “becoming a target’ “We're only a very short part into this year we have never seen globally never seen this rate of attacks on health care” Ryan said “Health is becoming a target in these situations; it's becoming part of the strategy and tactics of war. It is entirely entirely unacceptable. It is against international humanitarian law.” Of the 89 attacks on health systems around the world this year so far 43 have been in Ukraine according to WHO Director- General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. “More than 300 health facilities are along conflict lines or in areas that Russia now controls. And a further 600 facilities are within 10 kilometers of the conflict line” Tedros said adding “WHO condemns all attacks on health care wherever they occur’ The Ukrainian health system is “teetering on the brink” warned Ryan. WHO is working with its partners to get emergency medical teams on the ground in Ukraine but officials said they are concerned the emergency medical teams will get attacked or bombed. “How can you do that in all conscience if the very infrastructure that those people will go into support is being under direct attack?” Ryan said. a 