US Sen. Jim Risch wants even stronger sanctions on Russia From CNN's Daniella Diaz ‘Sen. Jim Risch speaks at a US Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on Capitol Hillin Washington in April 2024. (Susan Walsh/Poo/AFP/Getty Images) Idaho Sen. Jim Risch the ranking member on the US Senate's Foreign Relations Committee told CNN on Sunday that he's hopeful Congress can pass bipartisan legislation that would impose additional sanctions on Russia. From my standpoint I'd like to see secondary sanctions on every bank in Russia. | think that with what's going on there we really can't be too tough on sanctions. We just really need to bring the hammer down"" he told CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union. He added: ""I get that every administration wants to be in full control. Obviously | think Congress plays a role in this. I'd like to see some language passed through Congress. We've struggled with it. We've made a good faith effort but came very close but didn't quite get it done. Look they're putting their sanctions on. The sanctions really have surprised us as far as how how effective they've been and I'd encourage them to keep up and heading down that road. Risch also criticized US President Joe Biden for saying Saturday that there should be a regime change in Russia a remark that was quickly walked back by White House officials following their delivery in a speech in Warsaw Poland. There was a horrendous gaffe right at the end of it | wish he would stay on script. Whoever wrote that speech did a good job for him. But my gosh | wish they would keep him on script. | think most people who don't deal in the lane of foreign relations don't realize that those nine words that he uttered would cause the kind of eruption that they did but anytime you say or even as he did suggest that the policy was regime change it's going to cause a huge problem"" he said. ""Please Mr. President stay on script.” RELATED After crippling rounds of sanctions these are the oligarchs who are (and aren't) speaking ‘out against Russia's war b 