FIRST ON CNN: Video shows extensive destruction in deserted Irpin From CNN's Paul P. Murphy and David Lauterbach A screengrab from the video shows the extent of the destruction in Irpin on the northwestem outskirts of Kyiv. (Ukrainian Witness Project) The full extent of the devastation in the city of Irpin can be seen in new video taken by a Ukrainian NGO and provided to CNN. It comes after Ukrainian Russian troops out of the city in Kyiv's northwestern suburbs in the past 36 hours. Some context: CNN has geolocated and verified the authenticity of the video taken by Ukrainian Witness Project which is chronicling the war in Ukraine. This is one of the first videos in weeks from the eastern part of Irpin as intense fighting there made it impossible to access safely. On Monday Irpin's mayor said Ukainian troops has reclaimed the area from Russian forces. A wasteland: The video filmed Tuesday shows the wooded suburb akin to an apocalyptic wasteland. Wind passing through the remaining trees and the clanging of sheet metal against metal is the only thing that's heard in the video save for the dull boom of a military strike in the distance. Ongoing shelling: Russia activity near Kyiv but CNN has seen no sign that's happening yet as military strikes continued on Tuesday evening around the Ukrainian capital The video shows that while the gunfire the bombs and the war may have — for now — left Irpin so has most of the life in the city. Bodies in streets: Aside from debris and destruction of buildings the bodies of civilians are the only thing in the streets. An individual in a leather jacket who had apparently been pulling a small cart when killed is seen face down on the ground. Another casualty is shown on their back in the backseat of a bullet-ridden car. There are at least five bodies in the video. It is unclear how and when they died. The video shows they remain where they were struck dead in the street in wind-filled silence among the charred buildings and splintered trees. Watch: Graphic video shows extensive destruction in Irpin Dee cny 