Foreign volunteers and expats have been inspired to fight for Ukraine. Here are some of their stories. From CNN's Tara John AnneCialre Stapleton and Joseph Ataman The gray asphalt road that leads to Ukraine's Shehyni border crossing with Poland has for the past week seen 30-mile tailbacks as people try to flee the country often saying tearful goodbyes to the family members and friends staying behind to fight the Russian invasion. Wednesday brought a different sight: groups of young men laden with heavy bags and military kit entered Ukraine from Poland as they answered President Volodymyr Zelensky's call for ""citizens of the world"" to fight ""Russian war criminals. Among them New York resident Vasyk Didyk a 26-year-old carpenter wearing a fluorescent Carhartt beanie who is originally from Ukraine. “This is our motherland"" he told CNN in Shehyni. ""We couldn't stay in our comfortable lives in America and watch what is happening here. Didyk accompanied by his friend igor Harmaii had spent 24 hours traveling from New York to Poland before crossing back into his homeland carrying a canvas backpack and pulling a suitcase on wheels. He has no military training and came despite his parents who do not live in Ukraine weeping on the phone when they heard he was joining the fight. “| haven't been back to Ukraine in four years — but it wasn't even a choice"" he said. “| had to come and help my country. The world has watched in horror since Russia invaded Ukraine late last week triggering what could be the largest land war in Europe since World War Il. And Zelensky's defiance has not only united Western opposition to Russia but also inspired foreign volunteers and Ukrainians abroad to fight for the cause. “This is not just Russia's invasion of Ukraine” Zelensky said on Sunday. ""This is the beginning of a war against Europe against European structures against democracy against basic human rights against a global order of law rules and peaceful coexistence.” Ukrainian embassies have been helping recruit foreign fighters while at least one senior politician from a Western government that has previously prosecuted those who joined foreign wars indicated support for citizens taking up arms in Ukraine. “If people want to support that struggle | will support them doing that” UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss told the BBC on Sunday. Read more stories here. b 