Here's Ukraine’s actual wish list for assistance according to sources rom CNN's Kylle Atwood The Ukrainians put together an extensive list of requested military and technological assistance they are still requesting to share with the US government on Wednesday according to two sources familiar with the list. The list is organized based on levels of necessity ranging from urgent needs to low priority the sources said. Included in the top priority section are: anti-aircraft systems including the $300 and Stinger missiles and launchers anti-tank weapons including American-made Javelins different kinds of artillery ammunition planes armored vehicles and helicopters sources said. The list also includes highly-advanced US drones — called Switchblade systems — which can be flown remotely and blow up targets miles away. These weapons were added to the list after the Ukrainians consulted with congressional partners over the weekend on a draft of the list. The US would have to provide training for the Ukrainian troops if the US gives them those weapons but the sources said that could be done remotely. Beyond weaponry Ukraine's asks also include: radar stations automated control for anti-aircraft systems radios medical kits and body armor. The key is that the Ukrainians need secure communications systems that the Russians cannot get into the sources said. The US has previously provide Ukraine with that kind of communications technology and is poised to provide more of that support the officials said. 4:49 p.m. ET Me Biden announced $800 million more in aid to Ukraine. Here's what is in the package. h 16 20; Us President Joe Biden signs legislative action to provide security aid and support to Ukraine. (Alex Wor President Biden announced to Ukraine during remarks from the White House on Wednesday. This brings the total to $1 billion in aid announced in just the last week. “The world is united in our support for Ukraine and our determination to make (Russian President Vladimir) Putin pay a very heavy price” Biden said as he made the announcement. ""America is leading this effort together with our allies and partners providing an enormous level of security and humanitarian assistance that we're adding to today and we're going to continue to do more in the days and weeks ahead.” The package of military assistance will include anti-tank missiles and more of the defensive weapons that the US has already been providing including Javelin anti-tank and Stinger anti-aircraft missiles officials familiar with the plans said. The assistance however will stop short of or fighter jets that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has said are necessary to sustain Ukraine's fight against Russia. “These are direct transfers of equipment from our Department of Defense to the Ukrainian military to help them as they fight against this invasion. | thank the Congress for appropriating these funds"" Biden said. Biden went on to detail what is in the package and how it will be used. “This new package on its own is going to provide unprecedented assistance to Ukraine. It includes; 800 anti-aircraft systems to make sure the Ukrainian military can continue to stop the plans and helicopters that have been attacking their people and to defend their Ukrainian airspace"" Biden continued. “At the request of President Zelensky we have identified and are helping Ukraine acquire additional longer-range anti-aircraft systems and ammunitions for those systems. The new assistance package also includes 9000 anti-armor systems. These are portable... high accuracy shoulder-mounted missiles that Ukrainian forces have been using with great effect to destroy invading tanks and armored vehicles. It will include 7000 small arms machine guns shot guns grenade launchers to equip the Ukrainians including the brave women and men defending their cities as civilians and they're on the country side as well” Biden said. Biden added that the aid will also include drones ""which demonstrates our commitment to sending our must cutting edge systems to Ukraine for its defense.” Biden noted that security assistance will be in partnership with allies. “And we're not doing this alone. Our allies and partners have stepped up to provide significant shipments of security assistance and will continue to help facilitate these deliveries as well. The United States and our allies and partners are fully committed to surging weapons of assistance to the Ukrainians. More will be coming as we source additional stocks of equipment that we're ready to transfer"" he said CNN's Kaitlan Collins Kevin Liptak Phil Mattingly and Paul LeBlanc contributed reporting to this post. WATCH: THE WHITE HOUSE Ps THE WHITE HOUSE POC OD Chad \ WHITE OUST DOOD CRD BIDEN ANNOUNCES ADDITIONAL $800M IN AID TO UKRAINE Ves o NEWSROOM 