Members of Congress call on Biden administration to facilitate the transfer of fighter jets to Ukraine From CNN's Chandelis Duster Texas Rep. Michael McCaul a Republican and ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee on Sunday callled for the transfer of fighter jets to Poland after a plea from Ukrainian President Zelensky for Western countries to send fighter aircraft into his country. “| strongly urged the Secretary of State yesterday to complete this transaction. You know the Ukrainians can fly Russian MiGs. But then Poland wants a back order and that may be possibly F-16s” McCaul who is in Poland told CNN's Jake Tapper on “state of the Union.” “We're not going to put our troops in there but you know what we can help the Ukrainian people win this war... | think the will of the Ukrainian people will basically beat the will of the Russian troops. The Russian troops are not into this. But the Ukrainians are. And if we can arm them to defend themselves that's how we beat the Russians.” A White House spokesperson that the US is working with Poland on the possibility of Poland providing fighter jets to Ukraine along with consulting with other allies. More on this: Following a Zoom call with Ukrainian leader President Volodymyr Zelensky Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer called on the Biden administration to facilitate the transfer of “desperately-needed” aircraft to Ukraine. At a Sunday press briefing Schumer stressed that Zelensky is in short supply of aircraft and that several Eastern European countries have Soviet-made jets which the Ukrainian Air Force pilots know how to operate. “Today I'm announcing the push for the U.S. administration to explore all feasible options to transfer these desperately needed aircraft to Ukraine” Schumer said. “We are asking our administration to do everything they can to facilitate the transfer of planes from Eastern Europe to Ukraine.” oO Ukraine’s top diplomat tells CNN that ""all western companies must withdraw from Russia From CNN's Emmet Lyons in London Ukraine's Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba has told CNN that “all western companies must withdraw from Russia” on humanitarian grounds. Speaking to CNN's Fareed Zakaria on Sunday the foreign minister said that it is ""simply against basic principles of morale to continue working in Russia and making money there. This money is soaked with Ukrainian blood.” After receiving criticism from Kuleba for continuing to buy crude oil from Russia energy company Shell had said that they “will commit profits from the limited amount of Russian oil we have to purchase to a dedicated fund... to alleviate the terrible consequences that this war is having on the people of Ukraine.” When asked about this by Zakaria Kuleba said that all energy companies need to “stop buying Russian oil. This goes not only to Shell but also to other companies. Some tough measures were imposed on Russia but we all know that the biggest revenues come from trade in oil and gas.’ “Today Russian oil and gas smells with Ukrainian blood” Kuleba said. Kuleba also reserved criticism for Coca-Cola and McDonalds as two multinational companies that continue to do business in Russia. “We were upset to hear companies like Coca-Cola and McDonald's remain in Russia and continue providing their products” he said. oO 