Russian forces are still trying to circumvent Mykolaiv despite lack of progress UK’s Ministry of Defense said From CNN's Pierre jlhan Russian troops in southern Ukraine are “still attempting to circumvent Mykolaiv as they look to drive west towards Odesa” the British Ministry of Defense said late Sunday. These forces advancing from Crimea “have made little progress over the past week” the ministry tweeted. Meanwhile “Russian naval forces continue to blockade the Ukrainian coast and launch missile strikes on targets across Ukraine” the ministry added while warning “the blockade of the Ukrainian coast is likely to exacerbate the humanitarian situation in Ukraine (and) prevent vital supplies reaching the Ukrainian population.” Earlier Sunday British Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted he spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and told him he will advance “Ukraine's interests at meetings of NATO and the G7” set to take place this week. “The UK will continue to step up military economic and diplomatic support to help bring an end to this terrible conflict” Johnson tweeted. b One killed following explosions in Kyiv From CNN's Karen Smith One person has been killed following explosions in Kyiv's Podilskyi district Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko said late Sunday. Several explosions were heard in Ukraine's capital of Kyiv according to CNN's team on the ground The explosions hit the Ukrainian capital's Podil district including residential and business areas Klitschko said. The Podil neighborhood is part of the city’s larger Podilskyi District. The blasts hit “some houses and on the territory of one of the shopping centers. Rescuers paramedics and police are already on scene” Klitschko said via Telegram Also via Telegram Klitschko said rescuers are extinguishing a large fire in one of the shopping centers in the Podilskyi district of the capital. He added medical rescue and police services are on site. Earlier Sunday massive anti-aircraft fire erupted above Kyiv. CNN saw anti-aircraft cannons firing into the night sky for several minutes in what appeared to be at least two anti-aircraft rockets that were also fired into the air. It’s not clear what the Ukrainians were firing at but the CNN crew saw an illuminated dot traverse the sky over the capital which may have been an aircraft. oO 