Italy offers to help rebuild Mariupol theater From CNN's Mariya Knight and Malja Ehlinger in Atlanta Debris is seen after a theater was damaged by shelling in Mariupol Ukraine on March 417. (Azov Battalion/AP) Italy has offered to help rebuild Mariupol's damaged theater during a call on Friday according to Ukraine's minister of culture. Italian Minister of Culture Dario Franceschini wrote on Twitter following his video call with Ukrainian Minister of Culture Oleksandr Tkachenko that the Italian Council of Ministers approved a proposal to provide Ukraine the resources to rebuild the theater on Wednesday. Theaters of all countries belong to the whole humanity"" Franceschini added. Hundreds of Ukrainians including many children were taking shelter inside the theater Minister Franceschini assured that Italy has full solidarity with Ukraine. He expressed support for our state and offered cooperation with our creative teams during the war"" Tkachenko wrote on Telegram after the call. ""Together our Ministries in Ukraine and Italy will rebuild the Mariupol Drama Theater immediately after Ukraine's victory over the Russian occupiers. Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked Franceschini on Twitter Wednesday saying that Italy ""set a good example to follow. Together we will rebuild the country to the last brick. While the Mariupol Drama Theater is not an official UNESCO World Heritage site Tkachenko wrote on his official Facebook page that the UNESCO Committee for the Protection of Cultural Heritage is providing ""immediate support to Ukraine"" and ""expressed readiness to grant the status of enhanced protection of the main cultural heritage sites in accordance with the norms of the Haas Convention of 1954 and its protocols. This comes as more international cultural institutions have cut ties with Russia as a sign of solidarity with Ukraine. During a Saturday telethon in Ukraine Tkachenko said that ""more than 70 organizations have abandoned cultural cooperation with Russia” including the Cannes Film Festival the La Scala Theater and other large art exhibitions. oO 