Neither side is backing down in the conflict senior NATO official says From CNN's Natasha Bertrand Ukrainian servicemen are seen at an explosion site of a shopping center on March 21 in Kyiv. (Anastasia Viasova/Getty Images) A senior NATO intelligence official said on Monday that signs are pointing to a stalemate emerging in Russia's war on Ukraine with Russian ground forces remaining stalled and Russian combat aircraft unable to achieve air superiority over Ukraine. “If we are not in a stalemate already we are rapidly approaching one” the official told reporters during a briefing at NATO headquarters. “And it's quite a thing to say when you consider the disparity in strength when this fight began.” “You don't get to this point if you didn't make a series of mistakes” the official added The official noted a stalemate is particularly dangerous however given how Russia has resorted to using less precise more brutal weaponry against civilian targets since its campaign stalled. “will Ukrainians give up? No. And they have been very clear they will not give up” the official said. “So what happens when you have these two forces running on each other in this way? Russia is not backing down either despite their losses the official said. in the last few days Russian forces have continued to assemble reinforcements and attempt to improve the logistical support in both Kyiv and the southern operational directions the official said. The Belarusian government meanwhile is “preparing the environment to justify a Belarussian offensive against Ukraine” the official added. Ukrainian officials have been warning publicly that Belarus might join the war. It remains NATO's assessment that Russia's top goal is still to capture the Ukrainian capital and force a change of government there as well as force Ukraine to adopt a neutral position with NATO and demilitarize. “I don’t think [Putin] has backed off any of his goals” the official said. oO 11:08 a. 96-year-old Holocaust survivor killed by Russian strike memorial From Tim Lister Victoria Butenko and Olga Voltovych March 21 2022  stitute says Boris Romanchenko 96 survived four Nazi concentration camps but his life was ended last Friday by a Russian strike on Kharkiv according to the Buchenwald memorial institute. The institute said in a series of tweets that according to his grand-daughter Romanchenko was living in an apartment block in Kharkiv that was hit during a Russian attack. The group said Romanchenko had survived the concentration camps at Buchenwald Peenemiinde Dora and Bergen-Belsen during World War II. It said it was ""stunned"" by news of his death. Romanchenko worked “intensively on the memory of Nazi crimes and was vice-president of the Buchenwald-Dora International Committee"" the institute said. In 2012 Romanchenko attended an event recalling the liberation of Buchenwald where he read an oath devoted to ""creating a new world where peace and freedom reign” the memorial said. In 2018 a Kharkiv newspaper reported on his visit to Buchenwald on the 73rd anniversary of the camp's liberation by US forces saying “The event was attended by the last surviving Buchenwald prisoners from Ukraine and Belarus — Borys Romanchenko from Kharkiv Oleksandr Bychok from Kyiv and Andriy Moiseenko from Minsk.” b  11:00 a. It's 5 p.m. in Kyiv. Here's what you need to know From CNN staff March 21 2022 Anew curfew will go into effect in Kyiv starting Monday at 8 p.m. local time. Meanwhile shelling has continued in the capital this morning and at least eight people were reported killed in an attack on a shopping center. Here are more headlines from today in the Russia-Ukraine conflict: + Russian military says it carried out cruise missile strikes against targets: Russian forces fired air-launched cruise missiles early Monday at what Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov Russian Ministry of Defense spokesperson described as a Ukrainian military training center in Nova Lyubomyrka in Ukraine's northwestern Rivne oblast. Ina statement Konashenkov claimed the strike inflicted dozens of casualties. CNN could not verify any of those claims. Separately Konashenkov said cruise missiles also destroyed an ammunition depot and the headquarters of a mechanized brigade near the western village of Selets without providing additional details. = Air pollution elevated in Kyiv following attack on shopping center: The Kyiv mayor said Monday that air pollution had been detected in the capital following the Russian strike on a shopping center in the city's Podil district which killed eight people. In a statement on Telegram Klitschko said the fires resulting from the strike burned down a shopping center and damaged six apartment buildings leaving three of them unfit for habitation. Meanwhile the premises of two schools and two kindergartens were damaged he said. + The latest on Mariupol: Ukrainian Defense Minister Oleksii Reznikov said the defenders of Mariupol had played a ""huge role in destroying the enemy's plans"" as he gave an update in which he claimed Russian forces were stalled elsewhere but acknowledged a “difficult situation"" nationwide. By confronting so much Russian firepower in Mariupol Reznikov said on Facebook ""so many tens of thousands of lives throughout Ukraine were saved. Today Mariupol is saving Kyiv Dnipro and Odesa. Everyone must understand this."" Ukraine rejected an ultimatum to surrender the besieged city of Mariupol after a Russian deadline set at 5 a.m. Moscow time (10 a.m. ET) Monday passed. + Zelensky's appeal to Germany: Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky made an appeal to Germany to save the capital city of Kyiv in a televised address to the nation on Monday. Kyiv used to be called a “new Berlin” similar in its spirit of “openness emotion freedom in the squares sincerity of the people clubs and parties” Zelensky said. “Now Kyiv is closed. It is silent in anticipation of a new air raid siren that will force people into shelters.” Zelensky played a 20-second clip of an air raid siren calling it a sound Ukrainians have been hearing ""for hours days and weeks.” + More aid for Ukraine: German Finance Minister Annalena Baerbock said the European Union will increase financial aid and delivery of weapons to Ukraine. ""We will increase financial means for the purchase of military goods to 1 billion euros in order to make clear we stand with full solidarity on Ukraine's side we stand for the protection of the civil population in Ukraine Baerbock told reporters. b 