WHO: 12 people have been killed in at least 43 attacks on health care facilities in Ukraine From CNN's Laura Ly Nurses carry babies to the basement of a maternity hospital as sirens warn of a possible air raid in Mykolaiv Ukraine on March 14. (Photo by Bulent Kilc/AFP/Getty Images) At least 12 people have been killed and 34 people have been injured in at least 43 attacks on health care facilities in Ukraine World Health Organization Director-General Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said Thursday. There are health workers among the casualties Tedros said in his remarks to the UN Security Council. “attacks on health care are a violation of international humanitarian law - anytime anywhere. They deprive people of urgently- needed care and break already strained health systems. That is what we are seeing in Ukraine"" Tedros said. Mental health services are also being greatly affected by the conflict with more than 35000 mental health patients in Ukrainian psychiatric hospitals and long-term care facilities ""which are facing severe shortages of medicines food heating blankets and more. Tedros said the war in Ukraine is also exacerbating the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic in the country. Declining rates of testing since the start of the conflict mean there is likely to be significant undetected transmission. And with less than 40% of the adult population fully vaccinated this increases the risk of large numbers of people developing severe disease"" Tedros said WHO has sent about 100 metric tons of medical supplies to the region including ""oxygen insulin surgical supplies anesthetics and blood transfusion kits - enough for 4500 trauma patients and 450000 primary health care patients for one month. Other equipment including oxygen generators electrical generators and defibrillators have also been delivered and we are preparing to send a further 108 metric tons"" Tedros said. Although WHO has more critical supplies ready for UN convoys attempting to enter regions in Ukraine they have not been successful the director-general said. For example the UN convoy to Sumy that included a WHO truck carrying critical medical supplies was unable to enter. Loads ready for Mariupol remain in staging areas and cannot proceed. Access to these and other areas is now critical"" Tedros said. Tedros ended his remarks by stating that while Ukraine is ""rightly the focus of the world’s attention"" he urged the council ""not to. lose sight of the many other crises in which people are suffering"" including millions of people still suffering in Afghanistan Ethiopia Syria and Yemen. a 