Russia proposes new ceasefire starting Wednesday in a few Ukrainian cities staff Russia has announced a new ceasefire starting at 10 a.m. Moscow time (9 a.m. Ukrainian/2 a.m. ET) Wednesday saying it’s ready to provide evacuation corridors from Kyiv Chernihiv Sumy Kharkiv and Mariupol along with other towns negotiated with the Ukrainian side. Russian media reported the ceasefire parameters quoting the Russian Coordination Headquarters for Humanitarian Response in Ukraine. Russia insists on the need of a continuous communication channel with Ukraine to exchange information regarding the evacuation of civilians and foreigners. The Russian side proposes that Kyiv notify the representatives of the embassies of foreign states and international organizations located on the territory of Ukraine about the ceasefire and the provision of humanitarian corridors by 3 a.m. Moscow time Wednesday (7 p.m. ET Tuesday). Information on evacuation corridors from Kyiv Chernihiv Sumy Kharkiv and Mariupol will be sent to Ukraine Deputy Prime Minister lryna Vereshchuk on Wednesday said the Russian Coordination Headquarters for Humanitarian Response in Ukraine. oO Ukraine's first lady addresses the suffering of ci From CN lians after nearly 2 weeks of war 's Tim Lister in Kyiv ‘Olena Zelenska speaks at an event in Kyiv in November 2020. (Yevhen Kotenko/Ukrinform/Future Publishing via Getty Images) The first lady of Ukraine Olena Zelenska published an open letter on her Facebook page reflecting on what has happened to Ukraine in the past two weeks since the Russian invasion. Despite assurances from Kremlin-backed propaganda outlets who call this a ‘special operation’ — itis in fact the mass murder of Ukrainian civilians"" Zelenska said. In the long and impassioned letter she added: ""Perhaps the most terrifying and devastating of this invasion are the child casualties. Eight-year-old Alice who died on the streets of Okhtyrka while her grandfather tried to protect her. Or Polina from Kyiv who died in the shelling with her parents. 14-year-old Arseniy was hit in the head by wreckage and could not be saved because an ambulance could not get to him on time because of intense fires.” The first newborn of the war saw the concrete ceiling of the basement their first breath was the acrid air of the underground and they were greeted by a community trapped and terrorized. At this point there are several dozen children who have never known peace in their lives"" she wrote. The Ukrainian first lady also discussed the challenges of getting essential medical care as well as the growing tide of refugees. She said Russian President Vladimir Putin has underestimated Ukrainians’ resistance. While Kremlin propagandists bragged that Ukrainians would welcome them with flowers as saviors they have been shunned with Molotov cocktails” she wrote. Zelenska also thanked people from around the world for supporting her country. And she echoed her husband's demands for a no-fly zone over Ukraine. “Close the sky and we will manage the war on the ground ourselves"" she said. She concluded: ""| testify and tell the world: the war in Ukraine is not a war ""somewhere out there.” This is a war in Europe close to the EU borders. Ukraine is stopping the force that may aggressively enter your cities tomorrow under the pretext of saving civilians.” “If we don't stop Putin who threatens to start a nuclear war there will be no safe place in the world for any of us"" she continued. a 4:43 p.m. ET This Kharkiv bar has been transformed into an emergency shelter and food distribution center Bodhan Yurov Via Skype Ale =) 5 CIN CM LA AES KHARKIV BAR NOW A SHELTER; OWNER BRAVES BOMBS DEBRIS O DELIVER FOOD | CNN) ) PS ree) A bar owner and his team of volunteers in Kharkiv Ukraine have transformed the bar into an emergency shelter and food distribution center and they are going around the battered city feeding about 1800 people per day. We are not thinking about sleeping; we are not thinking about why we're doing this. We just do it because for everyone here that's the only way"" Bohdan Yurov said to CNN's John King in an interview. Yurov said that seeing his city sustain heavy bombing now is ""painful. “The last time bombs has fallen on Kharkiv was literally in the second World War so it's just unimaginable. ... Like you just go the same streets you try to visit houses where your relatives tried to hide from bombing and everything is just destroyed. Literally hundreds of houses. Every time we drive we just think 'OK which street is going to be next which shelter is going to be next?’ Some places we cannot even recognize anymore so horrible they have destroyed"" he said. He said they started out as a walk-in but are now fielding requests through a direct helpline. ""As soon as someone calls us we are ready to deploy some supplies” he added. Yurov said he is in touch with several hundred supermarkets stores and bakeries to help deliver free food to people around the city. Watch Bohdan Yurov's full interview with CNN's John King:  Bodhan Yurov Via Skype Kharkiv Ukraine ian president thanks US President Joe Biden for banning Russian energy imports From CNN's Sugam Pokharel Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky thanked US President Joe Biden Tuesday for announcing the ban of Russian oil natural gas and coal imports to the US. “Thankful for US and @POTUS personal leadership in striking in the heart of Putin's war machine and banning oil gas and coal from US market"" Zelensky tweeted. Speaking in a video posted on Telegram on Tuesday Zelensky reiterated his thanks to Biden saying: “The United States has taken a step that will significantly weaken the invaders. It will make them pay for aggression and be responsible for the evil they have done. For all the evil. America bans imports of oil from Russia petroleum products gas coal. Prohibits US citizens from any investment in Russia's fuel and energy sector.” He added “I am grateful personally to President of the United States Biden for this decision. For this leadership. For this most powerful signal to the whole world. It is very simple: every penny paid to Russia turns into bullets and projectiles that fly to other sovereign states.” More on Biden's actions: Sanctions on Russia's oil and gas industry had once been viewed as mostly off the table as officials in the United States and Europe worried about a global spike in prices. But pressure had been growing on Biden to act including from Zelensky and American lawmakers from both parties as Russia's onslaught in Ukraine increasingly targets civilians. Biden acknowledged in frank remarks from the White House the step was likely to lead to higher costs for Americans a potent political issue that is already leading to attacks from Republicans. See Zelensky's tweet: CNN's Kaitlan Collins Jeremy Diamond Kevin Liptak Phil Mattingly MJ Lee and Kate Sullivan contributed reporting to this post. a GO DEEPER Ukraine slams Moscow's offer to evacuate civilians to Russia and Belarus as ‘immoral’ Here are the companies pulling back from Russia By CNN Business staff What is NATO and why hasn't it imposed a no-fly zone in Ukraine? Ani Luke u Dow tumbles as West considers cutting off Russian oil By CNN Business 