Pressure mounts on Biden administration to act on growing Ukrainian refugee crisis From CNN's Priscilla Alvarez Fa  0 Ukrainian refugees try to stay n March 4. (Visar Kryeziu/AP) rm at a border crossing near Medyka Polat  Sizable Ukrainian populations in the US and a bipartisan group of lawmakers are pressuring the Biden administration to act on the growing refugee crisis as a result of Russia’s invasion. The recent resettlement of Afghan evacuees has to a degree set expectations among Ukrainians in the US desperate to have their family with them. While most Ukrainian refugees are headed to other parts of Europe Biden administration officials are preparing to send money to help with the cause in the absence of an onslaught of refugees arriving to the US in the immediate future. More than half a million people are already spilling into neighboring countries including Poland Moldova and Slovakia in what the United Nations refugee agency said could become ""Europe's largest refugee crisis this century.” Countries in the region have become the first destination for those desperately seeking refuge. That stands in contrast to the evacuation out of Afghanistan last summer when the US took in thousands of Afghans who had worked for or on behalf of the US during the decades-long war. The Biden administration made a series of accommodations to relocate more than 76000 Afghans after the fall of Kabul in August. As of now it’s unclear whether those authorities like humanitarian parole and special refugee designations will be similarly extended to Ukrainians. A State Department spokesperson said the administration is working with European allies and partners as well as international organizations and NGOs “to support those displaced internally within Ukraine and those who may seek safety in neighboring countries.” Prior to the conflict in Ukraine there had already been a steady stream of Ukrainian refugees to the United States in recent years. Dmytro a Ukrainian national arrived in the US and resettled in Michigan only weeks ago. The feeling is bittersweet. “It’s pretty stressful to understand that the country you left is essentially not the same country and it’s only been three weeks” he told CNN through an interpreter. CNN agreed to identify him only by his first name over security concerns for family still in Ukraine. Read more Bp 4:14 p.m. ET March 4 2 New military strike in Kharkiv hits apartment complex near hospital videos show 's Gianluca Mezzofiore Katie Polglase and Paul P. Murphy A new military strike in Kharkiv Ukraine has hit an apartment complex near a hospital according to videos that have been geolocated and verified by CNN. The explosion near the hospital comes hours after a military strike caused significant damage to Kharkiv's regional administration building. In one video a fire rages at a clearly damaged apartment complex located just across the street from the hospital. The building is gone"" someone in the video says. In another video which is an edited series of separate videos outside the apartment complex combined at least two bodies are seen on the ground in the area surrounding the apartment buidling. “The animals simply animals"" someone said appearing to refer to those responsible for the military strikes. A house"" another person said. ""Look at what they've done. A number of people are seen walking away from the apartment complex in the video. People are carrying out their suitcases"" a voice says in the video. Watch here (Warning: This video contains graphic images):  PNET aaa TT TSS a Renard    = | BRE NG NEW a . a NEW VIDEO: AIR STRIKE HITS APARTMENT BUILDING | i °¢ Een CNN's Josh Pennington contributed to this report. Bp 4:04 p.m. ET March 4 2 Top general overseeing US nuclear arsenal is ""satisfied"" with US defensive posture rom CNN's Ellie Kaufman The top general who oversees the US nuclear weapons and nuclear capabilities said Tuesday that he is “satisfied” with the US defensive posture right now amid the Russian invasion of Ukraine and President Putin's recent announcement that he has put his country’s deterrence forces on high alert. US Strategic Command Admiral Charles Richard made the comments during a House Armed Services committee hearing. Richard participated in the hearing virtually from US Strategic Command headquarters in Omaha Nebraska. He told lawmakers he stayed in Nebraska to make sure he can “assess and be satisfied in terms of our defensive posture.” Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy Sasha Baker said the Defense Department is “comfortable with our strategic defensive posture” echoing Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin’s previous statements. Bp 