US secretary of state announces $186 m Ukrainians From CNN's Kylie Atwood nN more in humanitarian assistance for (Elizabeth Frantz/PooV/AP) US Secretary of State Antony Blinken announced $186 million in additional humanitarian assistance to support Ukrainian refugees and internally displaced people due to the war in Ukraine. “The United States is providing over $186 million in additional humanitarian assistance to support internally displaced persons and the more than three million refugees affected by Russia's premeditated unprovoked and unjustified war in Ukraine. This will provide further support for humanitarian organizations responding to the crisis and complement the generosity of the neighboring countries that are welcoming and supporting refugees” Blinken said. Blinken added the US “commends the hospitality of the neighboring countries that are hosting those fleeing Ukraine.” The additional US financial support will go to backing the basic necessities that the refugees need and will be channeled through humanitarian organizations on the ground he said. “The additional humanitarian assistance for refugees in Ukraine's neighboring countries supports the provision of food safe drinking water protection accessible shelter and emergency health care through the support of our international and non- governmental partners. This funding will also help victims of this conflict maintain contact with family members who have been separated and promote family reunification when possible"" Blinken said. He also reiterated the need for the safe passage of humanitarian support into the country. “We call for an immediate end to Russia’s continuing war against Ukraine and for Russia to facilitate unhindered humanitarian access in Ukraine and safe passage for those who seek to leave the cities where they are trapped. Humanitarian aid deliveries must be allowed to continue without interference and humanitarian workers must have safe passage to deliver aid and assistance to those in need” Blinken said. CNN has reported Biden administration is considering expediting the resettlement of Ukrainian refugees with US ties including family already living in the US. State Department spokesperson Ned Price would not comment on any efforts to expedite that process during the department briefing on Tuesday. b 