CNN boarded a NATO surveillance plane above the Polish-Ukrainian border. Here's what we saw. From CNN's Natasha Bertrand Russia has been using Belarus as a springboard for many of its air operations in Ukraine according to intelligence collected by NATO surveillance planes flying over the Polish-Ukrainian border and radar seen by CNN. CNN accompanied NATO's Flying Squadron 2 on one such surveillance mission on Thursday. Within two hours of taking off at 8 a.m. CET the radar on board the NATO AWACS plane — short for Airborne Warning and Control System — picked up about a dozen Russian-made planes idling in Belarus just north of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant NATO tactical director Denis Guillaume told CNN. Hours later at least nine Russian-made planes were spotted entering Ukrainian airspace from Belarus appearing to head toward Kyiv the radar showed. The ""vast majority"" of the Russian-made fighter jets that NATO forces have seen entering Ukrainian airspace since Russia's invasion began have originated in Belarus the NATO mission's technical director told CNN on board Thursday's flight. On one particularly ""active"" day last week NATO forces saw about 20 Russian jets heading to Kyiv from Belarus he said. The military aircraft taking off from Belarus and entering Ukrainian airspace have been in support of Russian military operations in Ukraine the NATO airmen told CNN. Among the major questions looming over the war has been whether Belarusian forces have directly entered the conflict to support Russia. But the NATO troops said they could not answer that — Belarus and Russia use the same Soviet-era MiG-29s they said so it is difficult to say in real time who is actually operating them. Ukrainian pilots also use the MiG-29s they noted so it is similarly unclear how contested Ukraine's airspace has become. Still some signs are obvious they say. For example the jets flying into Ukraine from Russian-allied Belarus are clearly not Ukrainian. The AWACS plane on which CNN flew Thursday is one of the few military assets owned by NATO itself rather than donated by a member country and the fleet of 14 AWACS planes together conduct nearly two dozen missions per week spying more than 400 kilometers east to ensure that no unfriendly aircraft are headed toward NATO's airspace. The missions are routine but have become particularly ""intense"" since Russia invaded Ukraine one of the co-pilots told CNN. NATO has stepped up its defense of the eastern flank members over the last several weeks and Thursday's surveillance flight was particularly long requiring a midair refueling. Read the full report here. oO 