It's just after 7 p.m. in Kyiv. Here's what you need to know Police officers and residents stand next to a shell crater and damaged home in Kyiv Ukraine on March 12. (Dimitar Dilkoff/AFP/Getty Images) Tensions remain high as night falls in the capital of Ukraine more than two weeks after Russia invaded the country. These are the latest updates you should know now: Russian forces inch closer to Kyiv: CNN teams in Kyiv reported hearing explosions in the early hours of Saturday as the capital comes under pressure. The bulk of Russian ground forces are according to British defense officials. Russian strikes continue to hit civilian structures: A landmark hotel in the northern city of Chernihiv was reduced to rubble overnight as well as the local electricity network. Zelensky says ""front line"" is everywhere: While said his country is more united than ever as it faces the Russian invasion he said ""a few small towns just don’t exist anymore. ... They are just gone."" He added that negotiations to end Russia’s invasion of Ukraine “must begin with a ceasefire.” He also called for the of Ivan Fedoroy the mayor of the city of Melitopol who was arrested by armed men on Friday. Ceasefire urged: German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and French President Emmanuel Macron urged Russian President Vladimir Putin to call an in Ukraine during a 75-minute call on Saturday. The calls for a ceasefire come as the UN reports since the start of the war on Feb. 24. Ukrainians say Russians demand control of nuclear plant: Russian officials have arrived to  demanding to take control of the facility according to a statement from Energoatom Ukraine's state-operated nuclear energy company. Attacks on key cities: CNN journalists in the central Ukrainian city of Dnipro felt at least two explosions and saw what looked like the remnants of anti-aircraft fire early Saturday. The cities of Kharkhiv Mariupol Mykolaiv and Sumy are also under a sustained Russian onslaught. This comes as Russian forces expanded their offensive to the on Friday with strikes targeting military airfields including one in Vasylkiv south of Kyiv on Saturday. To the east there's growing evidence that the town of to Russian forces and their allies in the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic. The southern city of Kherson appears to have been captured according to US defense intelligence. Russian-occupied Ukrainian territory Assessed Russian advances* ao fC a8 BELARUS Chernobyl! Nuclear _ Power Plant  ay  Chernihiv ‘ POLAND 5 Veet ) oSuny RUSSIA      / oe . yiv y Pw Kharkiv” rata SLOVAKIA 7S UKRAINE i Varian obnipro HUNGARY 3X) a Donetsky ie. ; 1 Controlled vr Da by Russian- Cee Mariupol backed separatists 0 since 2014 Kherson ROMANIA y CRIMEA Sevastopol g ""— Annexed by Russia in 2014 th th c hat Russian force rated in or launched attacks in these ar riot control t : 1 at 3 pm : the Study ¢ AE's Critical Threats Proje i a 