US defense secretar’ campaign is ""stalled rom CNN's Natasha Bertrand   Putin resorting to ""disgusting"" civil attacks because his US Secretary of Defense Lioyd Austin attends a press conference in Sofia Bulgaria on March 19. (Vassil Donev/EPA-EF US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said on Sunday that Russian President Vladimir Putin's campaign in Ukraine is “stalled” which is why he has resorted to “disgusting” attacks against civilians there. “We've seen deliberate targeting of cities and towns and civilians throughout the last several weeks” Austin told CBS's ""Face the Nation. “and again | believe that he's taking these kinds of steps because as was described earlier his campaign has stalled. He's not been able to achieve the goals as rapidly that he wants to achieve as rapidly as he wants to achieve them. And so he's he's resorting to the types of tactics that we see on display every day. And again this is really disgusting.” Austin added later that “the maneuver forces on the ground are essentially stalled and it's been it's had the effect of him moving his forces into a wood chipper.” Even so Austin said there does not yet appear to be evidence that mercenaries or foreign fighters have shown up in Ukraine to help Russia. “We have not seen mercenaries show up on the battlefield to my knowledge” he said. Asked about Russia's claim that it has launched hypersonic missiles against Ukraine Austin said he does not believe Russia’s use of such missiles would be a “game changer” though he cautioned that he “cannot confirm or dispute” that they have been deployed. “I would not see it as a game changer” he said. “I think again the reason that he's resorting to using these types of weapons is. because he's trying to reestablish some momentum... you kind of question why he would do this. Is he running low on precision guided munitions?” US officials confirmed to CNN on Saturday that Russia had used hypersonic missiles in its war against Ukraine. Austin also said that if Putin used chemical or biological weapons against Ukraine “he would see a significant reaction from not only the United States but also the global community.” “and again | don't want to speculate about what exactly would change our calculation. | think | think you know engaging in hypotheticals is probably not helpful here either. But | think this is a very serious step. And as you heard our president say we won't take that lightly: 14:18 a.m. ET March 20 20 Putin's claims of neo-Nazis in Ukraine show he ""might be capable of very horrendous steps"" Zelensky says Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky speaks with CNN on Sunday March 20. (CNN) President Zelensky was asked about Vladimir Putin's claims that the Ukrainian government is full of neo-Nazis. He said that he cannot take these statements by Putin “seriously” and called it ""laughable. Zelensky added that Putin is in an information bubble but he noted that remarks like this from the Russian president worry him about what he is capable of. “I'm not afraid of anything except for people but the fact -- the fact is that if he is serious about this statement he might be capable of very horrendous steps because that would mean that this is not a game for him. if he really believes in this if it's not a game then we will just continue fighting against it. if it's a game. But if it's not a game if he's serious about it if he thinks that this is his mission to conquer our territory and if he sees signs of neo-Nazis in our country then many questions emerge about what else he is capable of doing for the sake of his ambitions for the sake of his mission. Zelensky called Putin's remarks ""very frightening very hazardous. WATCH:  ZELENSKY ON PUTIN'S PREPOSTEROUS ""DENAZIFICATION' CLAIM « oO 11:04 am. ET Ma Zelensky: ‘If we were a NATO member a war wouldn't have started’ h 20 2022  ‘Smoke rises after an explosion in Lviv Ukraine on Friday March 18. (AP) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said Sunday that if his country had been admitted into the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance earlier then Russia would not have invaded the country. “If we were a NATO member a war wouldn't have started. I'd like to receive security guarantees for my country for my people” Zelensky told CNN's Fareed Zakaria on “GPS” adding that he was grateful for the aid NATO has provided since the invasion began. “If NATO members are ready to see us in the alliance then do it immediately because people are dying on a daily basis.” He continued “But if you are not ready to preserve the lives of our people if you just want to see us straddle two worlds if you want to see us in this dubious position where we don't understand whether you can accept us or not — you cannot place us in this situation you cannot force us to be in this limbo. Lrequested them personally to say directly that we are going to accept you into NATO in a year or two or five just say it directly and clearly or just say no"" Zelensky said. ""And the response was very clear you're not going to be a NATO member but publicly the doors will remain open"" he said. WATCH: \es j) UKRAINE'S PRESIDENT ON JOINING NATO ao 14:11 a.m. ET Ma More than 900 civilians killed in Ukraine since invasion began UN says Martin Golllandeau in London h 20 2 Ukrainian policemen carry a body after a residential building was hit by shelling in Kyiv Ukraine on March 48. (Sergei Supinsky/AFP/Getty images) At least 902 civilians have been killed and 1459 injured since the start of Russia's invasion of Ukraine the Office of the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) said Sunday. The OHCHR added that most of the casualties recorded were caused by the use of explosive weapons with a wide impact area including shelling from heavy artillery and multiple-launch rocket systems and missile and air strikes. the UN body detailed the 902 deaths as “179 men 134 women 11 girls and 25 boys as well as 39 children and 514 adults whose sex is yet unknown.” OHCHR said that 248 civilians had died in the and Luhansk regions. According to the UN Office the actual figures could be “considerably higher especially in Government-controlled territory and especially in recent days as the receipt of information from some locations where intense hostilities have been going on has been delayed and many reports are still pending corroboration’ OHCHR said this would be the case for (among others) the city Mariupol “where there are allegations of numerous civilian casualties” adding that the figures were being “further corroborated and not included in the above statistics.” Bp GO DEEPER Biden's strategy with Putin is decades in the making  This is a terrible loss': UNESCO director on damaged sites in Ukraine How to donate safely and securely for Ukraine relief US defense secretary Lloyd Austin tells CNN Russia made 'missteps' in Ukraine invasion  