About 1000 Wagner group fighters are now in Ukraine's Donbas region Pentagon spokesperson says From CNN's Elle Kaufman About 1000 people associated with the  a paramilitary group sponsored by Russia are now in the Donbas region of Ukraine Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby said during a briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday. The US has seen Russia become “much more active” in the Donbas region “in the last few days” Kirby added. “We think that the Wagner group now has about 1000 people dedicated to the Donbas. ... We have seen them prioritize airstrikes in the Donbas area” Kirby said. Wagner contractors have been fighting in the Donbas “over the last eight years so this is an area where the Wagner group is experienced” Kirby added. b 23 hr 48 min ago Pentagon: Putin hasn't been ""fully informed"" by his Ministry of Defense ""at every turn"" of Ukraine invasion From CNN's Ellie Kaufman Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby speaks with reporters during a briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday March 30. (CNN/Poo!) Russian President Vladimir Putin has “not been fully informed by his Ministry of Defense at every turn” throughout the course of the Russian invasion of Ukraine Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby said during a briefing at the Pentagon on Wednesday. Kirby did not offer any details that led to this assessment. Kirby said the US does not have “access to every bit of information that” Putin has been given or “every conversation that he’s had” but he said he concurs with the “basic finding” of press reporting that Putin has not been fully informed by his Defense Ministry of the situation in Ukraine. Wednesday that a US official said the US believes that Putin is being ""misinformed"" by his advisors about how badly the Russian military is performing in Ukraine and the effect of sanctions on Russia's economy. “I've seen these press reports attributed to a US official and we would concur with the basic finding but we are not going to get any more specific than that” Kirby said. a 23 hr 15 min ago Europe heavily relies on Russia for gas. Here's how it's reacting to concerns about possible gas shortage From CNN staff Some European countries are heavily dependent on Russia for their gas supply. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen that EU leaders had agreed to spend the next two months drafting proposals for on by 2027. Germany Russia's biggest energy customer in Europe had to address the But now it is responding to more concerns about possible gas shortage along with other countries. Here's a look at actions some European countries are taking so far: Germany: It has issued of possible natural gas shortages after Russia said it wanted to be paid in rubles and threatened to cut off supplies if that didn’t happen A payment with rubles is not acceptable"" German economy minister Robert Habeck had said on Monday. Speaking at a news conference in Berlin on Wednesday he said that the warning stage was of a preventive nature and would see increased monitoring of gas supplies. He also called upon companies and consumers to use gas sparingly. German gas storage is currently filled to 25% capacity according to Habeck. There are currently no supply shortages"" he said. ""Nevertheless we must take further precautionary measures to be prepared for any escalation by Russia.” German Chancellor Olaf Scholz held a telephone conversation with his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin later on Wednesday and the German leader stressed that Berlin is committed to a G7 agreement that energy supplies from Russia would be paid for only in euros or US dollars according to a German readout of the call. Putin informed Scholz that the law that payments for Russian energy supplies would have to be made in rubles does not apply for European partners and payments would continue to be made in euros and transferred to Gazprom Bank which is not affected by sanctions and then converted into rubles according to the readout. “Chancellor Scholz did not agree to this procedure in the conversation but asked for written information to better understand the procedure” the readout said. Netherlands: The Dutch government asked the public to use less gas as it hopes to reduce its dependency on Russian imports according to a spokesperson for the economy ministry. However the Dutch government would not be triggering a gas crisis plan spokesperson Tim van Dijk told CNN. Instead the government hopes to reduce Dutch gas usage through a campaign addressing its citizens. The campaign had been prepared for weeks in light of the war in Ukraine and was not launched in connection with Germany's decision to issue an ""early warning"" of possible natural gas shortages van Dijk added. Austria: It issued an ""early warning"" of possible natural gas shortages in the country which also follows Russia demand to be paid in rubles and its threat to cut off supplies if its demand was not met. Austrian climate minister Leonore Gewessler announced the warning following a government crisis meeting. The early-stage warning sees Austria take ""the next step in the preparation for an emergency"" Gewessler wrote on Twitter. “We are monitoring the situation on the gas market even more closely & taking precautions to continue to ensure the supply of our households"" the minister added. Which European countries are most dependent on Russian gas? The estimated level of dependency in each nation's energy mix varies from none at all to 25%. MiRussian gas Ml Other gas | Other energy sources Hungary wx Slovakia BZ T5% Moldova 3% usta Bd rea 1 Germany Bx Bulgaria 88% cvch ep TT 7 Ukraine JZ Ce 8% >on: Italy ow Siovenia [TINEA ""879% Luerbours CCA £5% Estonia AM st serbia oe Latvia SE 92% Ron itzrand 28% croatia 25% a — Finland 97% N. Macedonia [lj98% Neteriands w% 25. TT 7 uk 58% Spain EZ 91% rcland as | 62% Portugal [in 897% Cyprus {100% Malta {100%  b 23 hr 38 min ago WHO: Attacks on health care are part of Russian strategy with Ukrainian civilians used as ""chess pieces From CNN's Virginia Langmaid There have been 82 attacks on health care in Ukraine since the Russian invasion according to World Health Organization Director- General Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus. We are outraged that attacks on health care are continuing. Since the beginning of the Russian Federation's invasion there have been 82 attacks on health care resulting in at least 72 deaths and 43 injuries including patients and health workers” he said at a media briefing on Wednesday. ""Attacks on health care are a violation of international humanitarian law and must stop immediately.” Dr. Mike Ryan director of WHO's Health Emergencies Programme said there's a ""world of difference” between health access issues during conflict as compared to conflict actively targeting health care. “It's a very big difference between that situation and a situation in which access is being actively denied to a population where the actual cutting off of people is part of the tactics. It's part of the military strategy"" he said. This is not people caught up in the fog of war. It's not people just caught up in the conflict. It is people being directly targeted directly denied and directly used as strategic implements as chess pieces on a horrific murderous board that they have no right or no need to be on"" he said. a 