Chinese state broadcaster censors call for peace at the Paralympics Opening Ceremony From CNN's Yong Xiong and Homero De la Fuente ‘Andrew Parsons President of IPC makes a speech during the Opening Ceremony of the Beijing 2022 Winter Paralympics at the Beijing National Stadium on Friday March 04 in Beling China. (Ryan Pierse/Getty Images) At the Opening Ceremony of the Paralympic Games in Beijing on Friday International Paralympic Committee (IPC) president Andrew Parsons called for peace in his speech -- but a large part of his message was censored by Chinese state broadcaster cctv. “Tonight | want to begin with a message of peace. As the leader of an organization with inclusion at its core where diversity is celebrated and differences embraced | am horrified at what is taking place in the world right now” Parsons said likely in reference to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. “The 21st century is a time for dialogue and diplomacy not war and hate” he added. CCTV's live commentary didn’t translate his description of the events taking place in the world and most of the speech that followed. It also lowered the volume of Parsons’ speech on the broadcast and paused the sign language interpreters on screen. During the Opening Ceremony Parsons was seen clapping as the 20 athletes competing for Ukraine were introduced. But the scene of Parsons cheering for the Ukraine delegation was also censored replaced with a wide shot of the stadium by the state broadcaster. Some context: Earlier this week the IPC banned Russian and Belarussian athletes from competing at the Beijing Paralympic Winter Games due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. China has repeatedly refused to call Russia's unprovoked military attack on Ukraine an “invasion” instead calling for diplomacy and blaming the United States and NATO for ""fueling fire"" in the tensions. This week a Western intelligence report indicated that Chinese officials in early February requested that senior Russian officials wait until after the Beijing Olympics had finished before beginning an invasion into Ukraine. China responded that the report was “speculations without any basis and are intended to blame-shift and smear China. a 