It's just after 8 p.m. Kyiv. Here's what you need to know This is the latest on Russia's invasion into Ukraine which is in its 10th day: Evacuation corridors suspended: Ukrainian authorities halted evacuations from the besieged city of Mariupol on Saturday accusing Russian forces of breaching an agreement to pause fire and give civilians safe passage out. The Russian Ministry of Defense said Saturday night it would resume its offensive in Mariupol and Volnovakha. In a statement carried by Russian news agency TASS the defense ministry said that ""not a single civilian was able to leave Mariupol and Volnovakha along the announced security corridors.” The defense ministry had said earlier on Saturday it would stop bombarding the cities which have endured days of heavy indiscriminate shelling. But just a few hours after the announcement to pause fire a top regional official said Russia broke its agreement. The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) also said it “understands” that civilian evacuations from Mariupol and Volnovakha will not go ahead on Saturday as planned. \ 0 200mi. BELARUS : Brest — ‘e) o Kursk POLAND \ RUSSIA ) Kyiv G J ° aa Kharkiv ¢ A oO ie PUP viv wy UKRAINE Luhansk SLOVAKIA Volgograd ms 0 ial Donetsk  HUNGARY LA wd a Rostov-on-Don Paced Seer odessa ‘yy f ‘ 1 ROMANIA ¢ So ™ were CRIMEA Aw ey } © krasnodar ¢ Sevastopol ~ > a= Putin says sanctions are equal to war declaration: Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday that the sanctions introduced on his country are “equivalent of a declaration of war.” Putin also said on Saturday that he would consider countries imposing a no-fiy zone over Ukraine as participating in the conflict. President Volodymyr Zelensky and other Ukrainian leaders have repeatedly pleaded with NATO and Western officials to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine which the US and NATO have said they oppose. Zelensky asked US lawmakers over Zoom today to assist with the establishment of a no-fly zone and harsher Russian sanctions. Ukrainian officials praise protests: Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba has tweeted video from two cities in Ukraine — Berdyansk and Kherson - showing protests against Russian occupation. CNN has confirmed there have been protests against Russian occupation in both cities Saturday as well as at least one in the eastern Ukrainian region of Luhansk. New video posted to social media shows at least one man getting hit by gunfire during a protest against the Russian military in the small town of Novopskov in northeastern Ukraine. CNN has geolocated and confirmed the authenticity of the video. Humanitarian situation continues to deteriorate: As cities come under heavy shelling some Ukrainian officials say people lack basic access to food water and medication. The US secretary of state visited a refugee center in Poland where waves of people from Ukraine continued to come in from over the border. The UN estimates over 1.2 million refugees have fled since Feb. 24. Arrivals from Ukraine in neighboring countries ~ LITHUANIA  RUSSIA 149000 ° BELARUS f Fewer than 500 \  UKRAINE At least 4.3 million refugees have left the country  “SLOVAKIA 102000   HUNGARY // : \ ‘ “ 157000 f D  MOLDOVA 103000  ROMANIA. 63000  iD & sersia  Not included on map: 134000 refugees to other European countries. Russia total includes approximately 96000 people from the Donetsk and Luhansk regions between Feb. 18 and Feb. 23. Totals for al other countries represent arrivals since Feb. 24. for Refugees. Data as of March 4 b 