President Biden touts provi: From CNN's DJ Judd ions surging aid to Ukraine ahead of signing spending bill In remarks ahead of Tuesday's omnibus funding bill signing US President Joe Biden touted funding allocated to assist Ukraine in defending itself against Russia's invasion boasting “with this new security funding and the drawdown authorities this bill we're moving urgently to further augment the support to the brave people of Ukraine as they defend their country.” “With this bill we're going to send a message to the American people — a strong message that Democrats and Republicans can actually come together and get something done...to fill our most basic responsibilities to keep the government open and running for the American people serving the American people investing in your communities and investing in American people will do it in a fiscally responsible way” Biden boasted. “This bill also includes historic funding $13.6 billion dollars to address Russia's invasion of Ukraine and the impact on surrounding countries"" he said. Russia’s invasion has “united people all across America united our two parties in Congress and united the freedom loving world to act with urgency and resolve that we're doing right now that you provided me the ability to do” the president said acknowledging the lawmakers in the room. “I want to thank Congressional leadership for working so quickly to make sure we have the resources we need — economic humanitarian and security to continue our forceful response to this crisis.” The Senate passed the omnibus spending bill late Thursday on a bipartisan vote of 68-31 — of the $13.6 billion in aid to Ukraine money is set aside for humanitarian defense and economic assistance. The bill also includes provisions for sanctions enforcement. Breakdown of funding: The emergency aid package sets aside $4 billion to help refugees who have fled or were displaced within the country and it increases the President's authority for defense equipment transfer to Ukraine and other allied nations to $3. billion according to a fact sheet from the House Appropriations Committee. In Tuesday's remarks Biden touted a record $1.2 billion in security assistance to Ukraine over the past year acknowledging that while it's been “exceedingly difficult to get supplies in Ukraine while the Russian onslaught continues... we're managing to get supplies in Ukraine regularly thanks to the bravery of so many frontline workers who are still at their posts.” b 