US intel chiefs to Congress: Putin may escalate conflict in Ukraine with no concern for ci in casualties From CNN's Jeremy Herb and Katie Bo Lillis The US intelligence community believes that Russian President Vladimir Putin views the conflict in Ukraine as a ""war he cannot afford to lose"" suggesting he is likely to escalate the conflict without any concern for the number of civilians killed the US's top intelligence chiefs told Congress. Director of National intelligence Avril Haines said at a congressional hearing Tuesday that US intelligence assesses Putin is unlikely to be deterred by the setbacks the Russian military has faced in Ukraine suggesting he is doubling down on his campaign to keep Ukraine from joining NATO. Director of National intelligence Avril Haines testifies during the House Select Intelligence Committee hearing titled ""Worldwide Threats” in Rayburn Building on Tuesday March 8 2022. (Tom Williams/CQ Roll Call via AP Images) CIA Director William Burns said Putin had launched the invasion ""determined to dominate and control Ukraine” based on a set of assumptions that the conflict would be successful including that Ukraine was weak that European allies like France and Germany were risk-averse that he had ""sanctions-proofed"" his economy and that his military was capable of a quick and decisive victory at minimal cost. “He's been proven wrong on every count"" Burns said. The discussion of Putin's motivations that led to Russia's bloody invasion of Ukraine last month — and the sweeping crippling sanctions from the West in response — offered the most public assessment to date of the US view of Putin's ill-fated war in Ukraine. The intelligence community — which forecast Putin's moves in the lead-up to the invasion —testified before the House Intelligence Committee on Tuesday at an annual worldwide threats hearing.    0 “This is a matter of deep personal conviction for him"" Burns told the committee. ""He's been stewing in a combustible combination of grievance and ambition for many years.” Lt. Gen. Scott Berrier director of the Defense intelligence Agency said the intelligence community estimates with ""low confidence’ that between 2000 and 4000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine since Moscow launched its invasion last month. Read more about their comments to Congress here. 3:26 p.m. ET March Israel's prime minister spoke with Zelensky and Putin on Tuesday From CNN's Hat  Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett on Tuesday spoke with both Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin separately. In a tweet Zelensky said he thanked Bennett “for Israel's mediation efforts. Discussed ways to end the war and violence.” A Kremlin statement on the call said the Israelis initiated the call and that the two leaders “discussed various aspects of the situation with Russia’s special military operation to protect Donbass. Vladimir Putin shared his assessment of the third round of talks between the Russian delegation and representatives from Ukraine held on March 7 in Belarus.” Israel has not provided any readouts or statements on the calls so far. The latest round of conversations comes three days after Bennett took a surprise trip to Moscow on Saturday where he spent three hours with Putin Bennett said the following day that Israel will continue to help mediate “even if the chance is not great.” 