Top US general in Europe: An intelligence gap could have caused the US to overestimate Russia's military From CNN's Barbara Starr Ellie Kaufman and Jeremy Herb General Tod Wolters U.S. European Command and NATO's Supreme Allied Commander Europe testifies before the Senate Armed Services Committee on Tuesday March 29 in Washington DC. (Win McNamee/Getty Images) The top US general in Europe said Tuesday in that caused the US to overestimate defensive abilities before Russia attacked Ukraine. When Russia launched its invasion of Ukraine last month US intelligence assessed that the country-wide assault could lead to Kyiv falling into Russian hands within days. But Russia's military has been bogged down around the capital as the war has entered its second month beleaguered by sustainability and logistics problems along with an unexpected stiff resistance from Ukrainian fighters. Testifying at a US Senate Armed Services Committee hearing Tuesday US European Command chief Gen. Tod Wolters was asked by Sen. Roger Wicker a Mississippi Republican if there was an intelligence gap that caused the US to overestimate Russia's strength and underestimate the Ukrainian defenses. “There could be” Wolters responded. “As we've always done in the past when this crisis is over with we will accomplish a comprehensive after-action review in all domains and in all departments and find out where our weak areas were and make sure we can find ways to improve and this could be one of those areas.” While Us intelligence was spot on in predicting Russia was planning to invade Ukraine —which the Biden administration aggressively released to turn global sentiment against the Kremlin — the intelligence community did not assess the poor performance of the Russian military. In the opening hours of the war U: flee the country as Russian troops moved toward Kyiv fearing that he would be killed. Zelensky refused asking instead for weapons to help Ukraine defend itself against Russia. The US and NATO allies have continued to help re-supply Ukraine's military with weapons including Javelin anti-tank missiles and Stinger anti-aircraft missiles that have been used against Russian forces. While estimates vary widely sources familiar with the estimates say thousands of Russian troops have been killed in the conflict. US officials say they have anecdotal evidence of morale problems in the Russian military. More than a month into the war that it would “drastically reduce” its military assault on the Ukrainian cities of Kyiv and Chernihiv after talks took place between representatives of the two nations on Tuesday. it was a “major” strategy shift by Moscow with Russian forces pulling back in some areas of the north and focusing on gains in the south and east. Read more b 