In call with Xi Biden laid out consequences for China if it supports Russia attack on Ukraine From CNN's Kevin Liptak Nikki Carvajal and Kaitian Collins In this photo released by the White House US President Biden speaks with President Xi Jinping of the People’s Republic of China on Friday March 18. (White House Photo) US President Joe Biden told CNN that his call with Chinese President Xi Jinping Friday ""went well.” According to the White House Biden ""described the implications and consequences if China provides material support to Russia” in a nearly two-hour phone call with China's leader. The President underscored his support for a diplomatic resolution to the crisis"" the White House said. The White House added that the two leaders ""also agreed on the importance of maintaining open lines of communication. A senior administration official meanwhile said that Biden's phone call was ""direct"" ""substantive"" and “detailed.” The bulk of their discussion centered on the war in Ukraine and the implications the crisis would have both on US-China relations and the “international order"" the official said. Biden provided an assessment of Russian President Vladimir Putin's actions in his conflict with Ukraine the official said and made clear"" the implications and consequences of potentially assisting Russia in its war. More on the call: The secure video call between Biden and Xi began at 9:03 a.m. ET on Friday. It lasted one hour and 50 minutes and concluded at 10:53 a.m EDT the White House said. According to Chinese state media CCTV Xi told Biden ""conflict and confrontation are not in the interests of anyone"" and ""China and the US have a responsibility to work for peace.” Here's a full readout of the call from the White House: “President Joseph R. Biden Jr. spoke today with President Xi Jinping of the People’s Republic of China (PRC). The conversation focused on Russia's unprovoked invasion of Ukraine. President Biden outlined the views of the United States and our allies and partners on this crisis. President Biden detailed our efforts to prevent and then respond to the invasion including by imposing costs on Russia. He described the implications and consequences if China provides material support to Russia as it conducts brutal attacks against Ukrainian cities and civilians. The President underscored his support for a diplomatic resolution to the crisis. The two leaders also agreed on the importance of maintaining open lines of communication to manage the competition between our two countries. The President reiterated that U.S. policy on Taiwan has not changed and emphasized that the United States continues to oppose any unilateral changes to the status quo. The two leaders tasked their teams to follow up on today's conversation in the critical period ahead.” CNN's David Chalian breaks down the call in today's episode of the CNN Political Briefing podcast. Listen b 