US secretary of state says he agrees with Biden's assessment that Putin has committed war crimes (Pool) US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said he agrees with President Joe Biden's remarks that Russian President Vladimir Putin is a “war criminal"" as Russian forces continue to attack civilian areas in Ukraine. They stepped up their bombardment with the goal of breaking the will of the people. Yesterday President Biden said that in his opinion war crimes have been committed in Ukraine. Personally | agree. Intentionally targeting civilians is a war crime. After all the destruction of the past three weeks | find it difficult to conclude that the Russians are doing otherwise. The consequences of Moscow's war are being felt around the world” he said. Blinken also said that US experts are in the process of documenting and evaluating potential war crimes in Ukraine. “We'll make sure that our findings help international efforts to investigate war crimes and hold those responsible accountable he said. oO 2:29 pm Russian forces ""continue to want to conduct a siege of Kyiv"" US defense official says From CNN's Ellie Kaufman March 17 2022 Russian forces “continue to want to conduct a siege of Kyiv” a senior US defense official told reporters on Thursday based on troop movements and the types of weapons Russian forces are moving from the rear “to join their advancing elements. While Russian forces have not moved closer to Kyiv’s city center over the last 24 hours the US has observed that Russian forces are moving some forces “from the rear to join their advancing elements” and “some of those forces some of those capabilities are artillery long-range artillery” the official said. Because of that “it appears” that Russian forces “continue to want to conduct a siege of Kyiv” the official added “cause that’s what you want to use artillery for.” “They clearly are trying particularly around Kyiv to improve their ability to hit the city from afar with munitions” the official said. oO 3:45 p.m Pelosi recites poem from Bono about Ukraine during St. Patrick’s Day luncheon Fr =T March 17 2022 n CNN's Devan Cole US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi speaks at the annual St. Patrick’s Day luncheon at the Capitol on March 47. (Patrick Semansky/AP) Us House Speaker Nancy Pelosi honored Ukraine Thursday by reciting a poem about the country written by U2 singer Bono. “Ireland's sorrow and pain Is now the Ukraine And Saint Patrick's name now Zelensky” the poem read in part. Pelosi delivered the poem at an annual luncheon at the Capitol that celebrates the US' relationship with Ireland. The California Democrat said just before reading the poem that it was sent to her earlier Thursday by Bono an Irish rock star who is U2's lead singer and lyricist. US President Joe Biden who attended the luncheon said during the event that Ireland has “stepped up” in the face of Russian aggression in Ukraine and called Russian President Vladimir Putin a “murderous dictator.” oO 2:24 pm German chancellor: We feel ""obliged to do everything to give diplomacy a chance and end the war"" in Ukraine From CNN's Inke Kappeler and Pierre Meilhan ET March 47 2022 a German Chancellor Olaf Scholz arrives for a press conference in Berlin on Thursday. (Michael Sohn/AFP/Pool/Getty Images) German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said Thursday German feels “obliged to do everything to give diplomacy a chance and end the war” in Ukraine. Scholz whose comments followed Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelensky’s address to the German parliament said that he was “deeply” touched by what Zelensky said Echoing similar remarks by western leaders the German leader also stressed that the conflict is “Putin's war” and that the Russian president “bears the sole responsibility.” Scholz said that the aid for Ukraine shall contribute to make “the resilience of the Ukrainians as strong as possible“ and that “the international community found precise means to heavily damage Russia so that this war already will have dramatic effects on Russia.” The German leader also said his country is making long-term plans for Ukrainian refugees and recognized the that it is “a huge challenge to take in Ukrainians.” Germany wants to find a solution instead of discussing financing for weeks and months said Scholz while stressing that “we want to do it well. Further developments of the war will determine how to integrate Ukrainians in Germany Scholz added. “We may not repeat the mistake that this is only temporary. We must plan on integration into kindergartens schools and job market"" the chancellor emphasized. “If people will go back then there will have been a bridge and friendships created between Ukraine and Germany. oO 