It's 10 p.m. in Ukraine. Here are the latest developments Ukrainian soldiers carry the body of a soldier through debris at the military school hit by Russian rockets the day before in Mykolaiv Ukraine on March 19. (Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images) As Saturday nears its end in Ukraine this is what you need to know about Russia's invasion: Status of attacks in key cities: Rescue efforts are taking place in the southern city of Mykolaiv on Saturday morning at the scene of housing soldiers regional official Vitalli Kim said. Dozens of troops are reported to have been killed in the attack by Russian forces according to journalists from CNN Swedish affiliate Expressen who were at the scene. The besieged city of Mariupol is under almost _ according to a major in Ukraine's army and residents are rationing food and water as bodies are left in the streets. There are also conflicting reports over the status of one of Ukraine's key industrial facilities the . in Mariupol. New shows the destruction of the city's bombed theater with the word “children” clearly visible on the outside of the building. US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that Russia in Ukraine's south and has used. brutal savage techniques"" in the way it has targeted civilians. Russlan-occupled Ukrainian territory Assessed Russian advances*  Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant ) rn 1 ( gheminv 5 \aedy Se  POLAND    . “Densely UKRAINE fi ol ) B Odes ie: since 2014 \ f s 4 » a ‘CRIMEA Russia in 2014 Staggering numbers of refugees: Approximately have fled Ukraine since Russia's invasion began and are at risk of being trafficked according to UNICEF while “countless others” are displaced inside the country. The mayor of the western Ukrainian city of Lviv told CNN that about from around the country are in his city right now. US says Russia has used hypersonic missiles: confirmed to CNN that Russia launched hypersonic missiles against Ukraine last week the first known use of such missiles in combat. Russia's Ministry of Defense said Saturday powerful destroyed a military ammunitions warehouse in western Ukraine on Friday. Deaths climb: As of Friday — including 64 children — have been killed in Ukraine since the Russian invasion began on Feb. 24 according to the latest update from the United Nations but the actual toll is believed to be much higher. Biden to Europe next week: US President Joe Biden is set to go to a NATO summit in Brussels on March 24 and will also join a European Council meeting according to the White House. Former Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko today while in Europe. b 