Mariupol woman recounts escaping deadly theater bombing: ""I'm very lucky ... | have my arms | have my legs From CNN's Jason Kurtz Maria Kutnyakova (CNN) A famed drama theater in Mariupol seemed like a safe haven for Maria Kutnyakova and her family. And then the iconic structure on March 16. “When the theater was bombed my sister was standing with the window and the window was like blown up. And she’s fallen down” Kutnyakova who was elsewhere checking on an uncle who lived nearby when the initial bombing occurred told CNN's Ivan Watson during an interview. “My mom was in another part of the theater and a wall fall on to her.” Upon returning to the theater Kutnyakova found that the building was destroyed. Her family suffered injuries but survived. weren't as fortunate as fresh strikes followed the initial bombing resulting in further devastation. “Everyone starts screaming that theater is on fire. So we should run. And we run but Russians bombed it. So we running from the theater and bombs were [exploding alll around her}” she told CNN. It took Kutnyakova and her family nine days to get through Russian checkpoints and reach relative safety in Ukrainian-controlled territory. Kutnyakova told CNN why she remains positive despite all she has experienced. “1'm very lucky. You understand? Like thousands and hundreds people still in Mariupol and they bombed. They have no food no water. They have no medicine nothing. And | understand I'm very lucky. Like | have my arms. | have my legs... what do | need anymore"" she said adding that she also has her family and her her pet a two-year-old cat named Mushka who survived the destruction throughout Mariupol. Maria’s cat Mushka also survived the theater bombing. (CNN) Now more than a month into the conflict Kutnyakova wishes only that her country be left alone. “I want the Russians just go away. This is Ukrainian territory. | don't understand why they come in and tell me that it's not my land. They're not fighting with an army. They fighting with every citizen"" she said. ""They bombed hospitals. They bombed kindergartens. They bomb the houses of peaceful people. They not fighting with the armies"" she continued. Watch the interview below: = Video: Survivor of Mariupol theater bombing speaks with CNN - CNN Video oO 