Why some African countries choose not to interfere with the crisis in Ukraine From CNN's Stephanie Busari A man looks at a shopping mall following an explosion in Kyiv on March 24. (Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images) Nelson Mandela was once asked why he still had relationships with among others Fidel Castro and Yasser Arafat the Cuban and Palestinian leaders who had been branded terrorists by Western powers. The revered replied that it was a mistake “to think that their enemies should be our enemies. This stance has largely typified some African nations’ response to the Russia-Ukraine war. Across the continent many appear hesitant to risk their own security foreign investment and trade by backing one side in this conflict. While there has been widespread condemnation of the attacks on Ukrainian civilians and their own citizens fleeing the warzone — from countries such as Ghana Nigeria Kenya — there has been a much more muted response from some key African nations. Countries on the continent find themselves in a delicate position and will not want to get drawn into proxy battles said Remi Adekoya associate lecturer at England's University of York. “There's a strong strand of thought in African diplomacy that says African states should maintain the principle of non- interference and so they shouldn't get caught up in proxy wars between the East and the West. As some states did get caught up in proxy wars during the Cold War for instance"" Adekoya told CNN One influential voice that has made it clear he will not make an enemy out of Russian leader Vladimir Putin is South African President Cyril Ramaphosa. While addressing his country's parliament Thursday he said: ""Our position is very clear ... there are those who are insisting that we should take a very adversarial stance and position against say Russia. And the approach that we have chosen to take ... is we are insisting that there should be dialogue. After initially releasing a statement calling for Russia to immediately pull its forces out of Ukraine South Africa has since laid the blame for the war directly at NATO's doorstep for considering Ukraine's membership into the military alliance which Russia is against The war could have been avoided if NATO had heeded the warnings from amongst its own leaders and officials over the years that its eastward expansion would lead to greater not less instability in the region"" Ramaphosa said in parliament Thursday. Keep reading b 