US defense secretary tells US and NATO troops in Bulgaria they are creating ""trust"" by training together rom CNN's Ellie Kaufman in Bulgaria on March 18. (Robert Buns/AP) US Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin met with US and NATO troops in Bulgaria on Friday where he told the troops that they are creating “trust” by training alongside one another. “You can't surge trust at the eleventh hour; trust is something you have to work on every day. And from what I've heard it's exactly what you're doing. You're building trust with amongst with our allies and you're learning more about each other and | think that's just fantastic” Austin said. The US troops that are in Bulgaria are part of the US troop deployment to reinforce the United States’ commitment to the NATO alliance and to reinforce the Eastern flank. Reporters traveling with Austin conducted a brief interview with an Army major who is on deployment in Bulgaria from his home base in Rosenberg Germany. “Our mission here with the 2nd Cavalry Regiment is to reinforce our NATO allies in the southeastern flank of NATO and also to train with them in order to assure our allies of US commitment to NATO” Maj. Ryan Mannina said. The focus of the US troop deployment there is to partner with Bulgarian land forces Mannina said. The US troops are there to be a part of “NATO's effort to stand up a multinational battle group here in Bulgaria” he added. Mannina said the soldiers there are “anxious” but “understand the strategic relevance of our mission.” “We're very We're very aware and attuned to the fact that there's a war going on only a few hundred miles from us and and we but | think the soldiers are also excited to be a part of something really important here and to understand the strategic relevance of our mission and assuring our allies and building combat credible forces on behalf of NATO” Mannina said. oO Zelensky: 130 people have been rescued from bombed Mariupol theater but hundreds still under the rubble rom CNN's Alex Hardie and Chris Liakos Debris is seen after a theater was damaged by shelling in Mariupol Ukraine on March 17. ( Battalion/AP) Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said on Friday that 130 people have been rescued so far. Hundreds of people were taking shelter at the theater when it was bombed on Wednesday. Speaking on Ukrainian TV Zelensky said that rescue operations are continuing at the site despite the difficulties. However hundreds of people are still under the rubble in Mariupol Zelensky added Earlier on Friday officials from the Donetsk region and Kyiv said they had no further update on how many people had survived the attack. On Thursday Ukraine’s human rights commissioner Liudmyla Denisova said there was no update on figures released which reported 130 people rescued from a total of 1300 people believed to have been sheltering in the building. Zelensky also warned that it will be Western leaders’ moral defeat if Ukraine does not receive advanced weapons. “We still have no missile defense. We do not have enough fighter planes” Zelensky said. “We shall call even louder on certain Western leaders and remind them that this will be their moral defeat if Ukraine does not receive the advanced weapons that will save the lives of thousands of our people” Zelensky continued. “Russian missiles are not going to be defeated by certain hunting guns that they are trying to sell us sometimes” he said. On Ukraine's bid to become a member of the European Union Zelensky said “We will become a full member of the EU and every civil servant is working towards this 24/7.” Bp  3 p.m. ET March 48 US ambassador says Russia's ""disinformation is a sign of its desperation rom CNN's Laura Ly  US Ambassador to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield delivers a statement at the United Nations Security Council meeting on Friday March 18. ( United States Ambassador to the United Nations Linda Thomas-Greenfield slammed Russia's attempts to lie about in Ukraine once again Friday morning. “As | said one week ago Ukraine does not have a biological weapons program. There are no Ukrainian biological weapons laboratories - not near Russia's border not anywhere. There are only public health facilities proudly and I say proudly supported and recognized by the US government the World Health Organization and other governments and international institutions Thomas-Greenfield said in prepared remarks to the UN Security Council. Ukrainian and US officials have repeatedly of US-supported biological programs in Ukraine. Friday's emergency session was called by Russia after they announced Thursday that they would not call for a vote on their humanitarian draft resolution on Ukraine. Thomas-Greenfield instead said “it is Russia that has a well-documented history of using chemical weapons"" and that Friday's meeting is ‘the result of their isolation on this Council and on the world stage. We aren't going to dignify Russia's disinformation or conspiracy theories"" Thomas-Greenfield said. ""I will not repeat the slurs and false accusations that Russia has hurled against the Ukrainian people and the United States repeatedly at this table. But we know that Russia's disinformation is a sign of its desperation. That's the truth and we will continue to ensure the world sees it and hears it. Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vassily Nebenzia claimed Friday that new details show evidence of US-supported biological weapons in Ukraine. “Over the last week new details have come to light which allows to state that the components for biological weapons were being created on the territory of Ukraine"" Nebenzia said in translated remarks to the council. ""We can see that the American colleagues were not helping as they claim the Ukrainian Ministry of Health but rather the Ukrainian Ministry of Defense. Nebenzia claimed that a new document distributed to the council Friday morning ""confirms direct funding and supervision of the Pentagon and its defense threat reduction agency of military and biological projects in Ukraine.” “The representative of the US State Department continue to muddle the information and ascertain that US allegedly does not operate in any biological laboratories in the territory of Ukraine but the facts show otherwise” the Russian ambassador claimed. More context: There are US-funded biolabs in Ukraine but they are not building bioweapons. Actually it's the opposite: Part of the reason for their creation was to left behind in the former Soviet republics. The State Department has described the claims as nonsense — and the US and Ukrainian governments and for years now tried to bat down conspiracy theories about the labs and spoken about the work that is actually being done in them. Russia's falsehoods about labs like this have not been limited to Ukraine and the country has been pushing various bits of disinformation about the US and biological weapons since the Cold War. CNN's Kiely Westhoff and Donie O'Sullivan contributed reporting to this post. Bp 4:16 pm. ET March 4 Polish prime minister will submit proposal for peacekeeping mission in Ukraine lak in Przemsyi Poland Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki speaks during a summit in Warsaw March 14. (Mateusz Vi  .darczyk/NurPh Poland plans to submit a proposal at a NATO summit in Brussels next week for a peacekeeping mission in Ukraine Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki said on Friday. Speaking at a news conference in Warsaw Morawiecki told reporters that “at the next NATO summit the proposal for a peace mission in Ukraine will be formally submitted.” Morawiecki was asked whether he thinks there was consensus for such a mission in Ukraine among NATO members. “Poland is very active in this forum both in NATO and in the EU and we are the ones who urge them to take the following steps” he said. “when the bombs are falling closer and closer to the Polish border we will of course use this as an argument both in the context of the most argument presented by [Ukrainian] President Volodymyr Zelensky as well as the arguments formulated by us during our mission in Kyiv"" he added. On Friday launched an airport in Lviv a strategic not far from the Polish border. Bp Russian soldiers don't appear to be ""particularly motivated"" about Ukraine war US Central Command head says rom CNN's Ellie Kaufman 