Former Ukrainian president says Biden should come to Ukraine while in Europe next week Former President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko speaks during an interview in Kyiv Ukraine on March 18. (Miguel A. Lopes/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock) Former Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said US President Joe Biden should visit Ukraine while in Europe at a NATO summit in Brussels next week. Why don't — very good friend of mine very good friend of Ukraine Joe Biden the leader of the global world who demonstrate now the leadership — why don't he come visit here next week as a symbol of our solidarity?” Poroshenko wearing a military vest and flanked by soldiers in Kyiv said to CNN's Jim Acosta. The President will travel to Brussels Belgium to participate in a on March 24 and will also join a European Council meeting according to the White House. That would be extremely right step for demonstration the whole world is together with us against Russia"" Poroshenko added. The President will travel to Brussels Belgium to participate in a on March 24 and will also join a European Council meeting according to the White House. Biden will ""discuss ongoing deterrence and defense efforts” during the NATO summit and reaffirm the US' commitment to its NATO allies according to White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on Tuesday. “He will also join a scheduled European Council summit to discuss our shared concerns about Ukraine including trans-Atlantic efforts to impose economic costs on Russia provide humanitarian support to those affected by the violence and address other challenges related to the conflict"" she said. Poroshenko also said Russian President Vladimir Putin is a “crazy maniac” and said Ukrainians have “bulletproof unity. Poroshenko called for increased sanctions against Russia. ""We need to give additional steps to increase the sanctions and to increase the supply of weapons to Ukraine to make Putin [go back] to Russia” he added. “We're not only fighting for Ukrainian soil. We're fighting for European security freedom and democracy and for global security. And for you also for the United States"" Poroshenko said. ""My request is please help us to save the world. Help us to save Europe. Help us to save you. b 