Russian military detains protesters kicks at least one in central Berdyansk From CNN's Paul P. Murphy Russian military troops appeared to detain at least two Ukrainian protesters and kick at least one in Berdyansk Ukraine on March 20. (From Telegram) Ukrainian protesters were met with force in Berdyansk as Russian military troops appeared to detain at least two protesters and kick at least one of them on Sunday. Russian military troops first occupied Berdyansk government buildings on Feb. 27. Berdyansk sits on the Azov Sea and is roughly 45 miles — 70 kilometers — southwest of Mariupol. The videos have been geolocated and their authenticity confirmed by CNN. In the first video which appears to have been taken before the detentions protesters are singing ""Chervona Ruta"" a popular Ukrainian pop song near the boardwalk that runs along the Azov Sea. The second video shows that at some point the Russian military troops appearing to detain at least two protesters — their hands are tied behind their backs. One of the protesters is kicked repeatedly by one of the troops while on the ground while their hands are behind their back. b it:44 am. ET M White House says Biden has ""no plans"" to visit Ukraine this week From CNN's Jasmine Wright h 20 2022  0  Us President Joe Biden at ite House on ich 48 in Washington DC. (Yuri Gripas/Abaca/Sipa USA/AP) White House press secretary Jen Psaki said there are “no plans” for US President Joe Biden to travel to Ukraine this week as for snap emergency summits. “The trip will be focused on continuing to rally the world in support of the Ukrainian people and against President Putin's invasion of Ukraine but there are no plans to travel into Ukraine” she said in a tweet. On CNN's ""State of the Union” US Ambassador to the UN Linda Thomas-Greenfield cast major doubt on the possibility for President Joe Biden to visit Ukraine this week when he heads to Europe saying “as far as | know it’s not on the table.” Petro Poroshenko Ukraine's former president told CNN's Jim Acosta on Saturday that a would be a symbol of our solidarity. He continued saying that Biden was a ""very good friend of mine and a very good friend of Ukraine” adding that a visit by the US president would be ""an extremely right step to demonstrate that the whole world is together with us against Russia.” Read the tweet: Biden's European trip will be heavy on displays of Western unity but could be light on actions to stop Putin's Ukraine war Bp m. ET March 20 2 Russian attack killed 56 elderly residents of a care home in eastern Ukraine says regional official Fifty-six elderly residents of a care home in the eastern Ukrainian town of Kreminna were killed when a Russian tank opened fire on a care home according to the head of the Luhansk region. Sethii Haidai said the attack happened nine days ago on March 11 and that fifteen other residents of the care home had been abducted and taken to the town of Svatove in what is now Russian-occupied territory. Haidai first reported the attack in a video statement posted to on March 12 but said at the time he had no information on casualties indicating Ukrainian emergency services and officials had come under fire when they tried to gain access the area. “[Russian forces] opened fire on a nursing home for elderly people with a tank. There were only elderly people living there many of them with disabilities. We have no idea how many people have died and how many survived. When we tried to reach the scene they started shelling us” he said on March 12. In his posted Sunday on Telegram Haidai said it had still not been possible to reach the scene of the attack. Kreminna lies immediately to the west of the towns of Rubizhne and Severodonetsk two towns that have seen some of the most intense fighting in the eastern part of the country. CNN has been unable to independently verify the claim. 