UN calls on Russia and Ukraine to investigate videos of mistreated POWs From CNN's Niamh Kennedy in London The United Nations has called on both Russia and Ukraine to launch an investigation after videos emerged of prisoners of war (POWs) being allegedly mistreated. We have seen videos from both sides of Ukrainian prisoners of war that have been taken by the Russian side and Russian prisoners of war that have been taken by the Ukrainian side"" the Head of the UN Human Rights Monitoring Mission in Ukraine Matilda Bogner told a briefing on Monday. On Sunday a video emerged showing what appear to be Ukrainian soldiers shooting men who are apparently Russian prisoners in the knees during an operation in the Kharkiv region. During the nearly six-minute-long video the soldiers are heard saying that they have captured a Russian reconnaissance group operating from Olkhovka a settlement in Kharkiv that's roughly 20 miles from the Russian border. During the video a group of Russian soldiers can be seen lying on the ground with at least two of the soldiers’ legs bleeding heavily. One man is heard crying out in Russian “my leg my leg.” ‘Speaking in an interview posted on YouTube Sunday senior Ukrainian Presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych stressed that the Ukrainian government “is taking this very seriously and will carry out an “immediate investigation” into the video in question. The UN is still “in the process of verifying all of the material that has been issued"" Bogner said on Monday adding that it ""raises serious concerns."" CNN has reached out to Bogner's office for comment on the video allegedly showing Russian soldiers with bleeding legs. “We do call on the authorities on both sides to do full investigations of the allegations that are raised by these videos"" Bogner said. “It is important that these types of videos and that any ill treatment that may happen is stopped immediately"" she continued adding that the UN hopes these investigations will ensure that any perpetrators are ""held to account.” She reminded both countries of their obligations under international humanitarian law and international human rights law to treat POWs humanely and ensure they ""are not exposed to public curiosity and are treated with dignity. CNN's Tim Lister Celine Alkhaldi Katherina Krebs and Josh Pennington contributed to this report. b 