Here's what's in the $13.6 billion Ukraine aid package from the US From CNN's Katie Lobosco A massive spending bill signed into law by US President Joe Biden Tuesday provides for a one-time $13.6 billion infusion of military and humanitarian aid to Ukraine as it fights back against Russia's invasion. The amount of money the legislation includes for Ukraine increased during last-minute negotiations growing from the $10 billion the White House had asked for earlier in the month. The Ukraine aid is attached to an appropriations law that sets spending limits for the federal government for fiscal year 2022 which started in October. Lawmakers have haggled over the full-year appropriations bill for months and have passed three stopgap funding bills to keep the government operating in the meantime. The text of the 2741-page bill was released last week and Congress passed the legislation before a Friday deadline avoiding a government shutdown. How it's going to be spent: Military aid: About $6.5 billion roughly half of the aid package will go to the US Department of Defense so it can deploy troops to the region and send defense equipment to Ukraine according to a summary of the bill provided by the House Appropriations Committee. The US has deployed thousands of troops throughout Europe both before and during Russia's invasion of Ukraine. But putting troops on the ground in Ukraine which is not a member of NATO is a line that the US and its Western allies have not been willing to cross. Humanitarian aid: More than $4 billion will provide humanitarian support for refugees fleeing Ukraine and people displaced within Ukraine as well as provide emergency food assistance health care and urgent support for vulnerable communities inside the region according to a fact sheet provided by the House Appropriations Committee. Economic aid: The package will provide nearly $1.8 billion to help respond to the economic needs in Ukraine and neighboring countries such as cybersecurity and energy issues. The law also callls for $25 million for the US Agency for Global Media an independent federal agency to combat disinformation in news broadcasts abroad. Another $120 million will help support local Ukraine activists and journalists and promote accountability for Russian human rights violations. Read more about the aid package here. b 