White House says it never explored President Biden visiting Ukraine as part of his trip this week From CNN's Kevin Liptak & Ellie Kaufman: Us President Joe Biden will seek to underscore unity on his trip to Europe this week and there will be a set of ""deliverables afterward the White House says. But Biden's aides never considered a stop in Ukraine and the President still opposes sending American troops into the country. Speaking two days before Biden departs for high-stakes summits in Brussels followed by a stop in Poland press secretary Jen Psaki said Biden hoped to underscore western cooperation on his trip. Coming out of this what the President is hoping to achieve is continued coordination and a unified response to the continued escalatory actions of President Putin"" she said. “There will certainly be deliverables as there always are on these trips"" Psaki said. Psaki said details of Biden's stop in Poland were still coming together but that he hoped to highlight the country's work welcoming millions of refugees from Ukraine. Asked by Phil Mattingly about Poland's proposal of an international peacekeeping force in Ukraine Psaki suggested such a step may cross Biden's line of putting US troops in direct conflict with Russia. We of course will continue to work with Poland and other allies and partners in Europe to provide support to the Ukrainian people and help them defend their country against Russian aggression and provide relief to the people of Ukraine and we will continue to impose severe consequences"" she said. The President he’s been clear we're not going to send America troops to fight Russian troops. It’s not in the interest of the American people or our national security but we'll continue to discuss a range of ideas including this one"" she said A number of Ukrainian leaders have called on Biden to visit Ukraine as part of his trip. But Psaki said that option had never been under consideration We have not explored that option"" she said citing security considerations and the ""enormous amount of resources"" it would require. She said Biden would have the ""most effective and impactful"" trip by convening meetings of NATO and the G7 to discuss continued humanitarian and economic assistance. “It was a decision made about what would be most effective on the trip"" she said. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin will travel to Brussels this week to accompany President Biden in meetings with “NATO allies G7 leaders and European Union leaders” Pentagon spokesman John Kibry said during a briefing at the Pentagon on Monday. The leaders will “discuss international efforts to continue to support Ukraine and impose severe and unprecedented costs on Russia for its unprovoked and illegal invasion” Kirby said. Austin will also accompany Biden to Poland after Brussels Kirby said. Read more about Biden's European trip here: Biden's European trip will be heavy on displays of Western unity but could be light on actions to stop Putin's Ukraine war oO 