US ambassador to NATO: No evidence yet that the Kremlin will limit their sights on the Donbas region From CNN's Jasmine Wright Julianne Smith the US's ambassador to NATO discussed Russia's supposed changing focus on Sunday with CNN's Dana Bash on ""State of the Union. Smith said she didn't think ""We have evidence of that quite yet"" that the Kremlin will limit their sights on the Donbas region but:  0 that the US and allies will be looking for it. “But what we do have evidence of is the fact that the Russians have not succeeded in their original aims. And that was as you well know to take Kyiv in just a couple of days"" she said. ""So because of that | think Russia is reassessing and they've indicated that they're going to alter their tactics but let's give it some time. Next couple days the United States working closely with allies and the Ukrainian government will be looking for evidence of this shift"" Smith added. Smith also defended the new actions NATO and the US introduced to continue to punish Russia in the wake of the US President's trip even as Ukrainian officials have voiced disappointment in the lack of support. Asked if NATO will give Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky fighter jets Smith said ""this is an evolving conversation"" but ultimately no. We've spoken with President Zelensky many times in recent weeks. We've heard their requests for assistance. In many cases we've delivered those anti-aircraft anti-armor capabilities we are assessing their air defense needs"" she said. ""But the answer is no if you're asking about the Soviet-era jets the United States has decided that the particular proposal put forward by Poland is untenable. But honestly if any NATO ally wanted to provide those types of pieces of equipment the fighter jets the MiGs that is a sovereign decision they can take that sovereign decision. But right now the United States is very much focused on their air defense needs. And we're delivering multiple capabilities to try and address those requirements. On the potential for cyberattacks to be included into the NATO charter Smith declined to “walk through hypotheticals"" but said she did not doubt that if an ally were to “come forward"" and invoke Article 5 the alliance “would be ready to respond and take action. oO 