In new letter Republican lawmakers urge Biden to supply air defense systems and fighter jets to Ukraine From CNN's Zachary Cohen and Jeremy Herb According to a new letter sent to the Biden administration on Tuesday top House and Senate Republicans are calling on the administration to provide Ukraine with Soviet and Russian-made air defense systems to help defend against Russia's invasion. The unclassified letter does not specify which air defense system should be provided but Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has urged the US to help it acquire both S-300 air defense systems and MiG-29 fighter jets. The State Department has been working to identify which countries currently have the Soviet-made S-300 air defense systems and is currently examining how they could be transferred to Ukraine sources told CNN on Tuesday. On Wednesday Zelensky will give a virtual speech before the House and Senate in which he's expected to renew his requests for more weapons as well as a no-fly zone over Ukraine. The lawmakers said that the new $3 billion in funding Congress approved in an emergency supplement should be used to deliver the military aid to the Ukrainians and also help reimburse US allies who have provided equipment and depleted their own stocks. In addition to the strategic and tactical air defense systems the Republicans are pushing the Biden administration to immediately deliver additional Stinger anti-air missiles and Javelin anti-tank missiles to the Ukrainians. On Monday CNN reported that the Biden administration's $200 million aid package announced this past weekend includes funding for both Stingers and Javelins. The GOP lawmakers also pressed the Biden administration to reconsider its position on transferring Polish MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine arguing that the Biden administration reached a “flawed conclusion” when it decided that such a step would be escalatory. Last week the Pentagon said it was opposed to Poland's proposal to transfer jets to Ukraine via the United States because it could escalate tensions with Russia arguing also that the jets wouldn't make a major difference in Ukraine's fight because it's not currently flying many aircrafts. In addition to the air defense systems and MiG jets Republican lawmakers are calling on the Defense and State Departments to deliver a host of other weapons and additional aid to Ukraine including: = Grenade launchers and ammo. ‘Small arms and ammo. Artillery systems multiple launch Rocket Systems mortars and ammo Machine guns and ammo First aid kits ‘Small UAS Secure communications Binoculars and thermal imaging Rangefinders Generators Potable water systems Field feeding equipment and MREs m. Gas masks and chemical protective equipment = Tractors loaders and excavators cameras Additionally the letter urges the administration should begin to engage with industry leaders in the near term to ramp up production of non-lethal military equipment. That equipment includes but is not limited to: + gas masks and chemical protective equipment body armor helmets. medical kits secure communications devices potable water systems logistics capabilities including vehicles various spare parts The letter was signed by the following six Republicans: Senate Armed Services ranking member Jim Inhofe Senate Foreign Relations ranking member Jim Risch Senate Intelligence vice chairman Marco Rubio House Armed Services ranking member Mike Rogers House Foreign Affairs ranking member Mike McCaul House Intelligence ranking member Mike Turner b 