NATO’s thoughts turn to chemical weapons on the eve of extraordinary summit From CNN's Luke McGee The day before NATO’S extraordinary summit takes place in Brussels multiple sources have told CNN that a significant amount of time on Thursday will be spent discussing how the alliance should respond if Vladimir Putin uses chemical or biological weapons against Ukrainian citizens. Multiple officials who spoke on the condition of total anonymity agreed that while the official NATO position that it will not get directly involved in this war will remain chemical weapons could be a game changer as such an escalation would likely prompt the public in NATO nations to demand action. Sources said that the alliance was sensitive to public thinking and while it is likely that NATO will not issue redlines to Russia this week in terms of a response we will likely see deliberate posturing from NATO indicating its preparedness for chemical attacks. That could mean a strengthening of the rapid deployment teams and special units that NATO already has in place to handle such threats. Such tools at NATO's disposal have not previously been used to help a country outside of the alliance but sources said that the Russian invasion of Ukraine was prompting unprecedented conversations about how best NATO can support countries that are not members. ‘Speaking to reporters earlier on Wednesday National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan said that President Biden will “consult on potential contingencies” surrounding the use of chemical or biological weapons along with “how to deal with the rhetoric and the commentary coming out of Russia on this whole question of the potential use of nuclear weapons.” NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said on Wednesday that the alliance would provide Ukrainians with protective kit similar to the response from Western countries after Bashar-al Assad used chemical weapons against civilians in Syria. Three NATO allies - France the UK and the US - launched airstrikes against locations associated with Assad’s alleged April 2018 chemical attacks. Multiple Syrian activist groups documented the damage to Syrian civilians. The Syrian government denied it was responsible and the Russian government said the attack was a ""hoax. Officials told CNN that sending this combined message of preparedness to Russia along with the ambiguity of precisely what consequences might befall should hopefully deter Putin from committing a war crime that provided him few gains - even if only to defend himself from possible legal action in the future. oO 