US national security adviser outlines Biden's upcoming foreign trip From CNN's DJ Judd United States national security adviser Jake Sullivan previewed President Joe Biden's upcoming trip to Brussels and Poland outlining the President's schedule and setting a series of priorities for the trip. According to Sullivan Biden will attend an emergency NATO summit in Brussels joined by leaders of the other 29 NATO allies before addressing the 27 leaders of the European Union at a session of the European Council. From there Biden “will have the opportunity to coordinate on the next phase of military assistance to Ukraine” and “join our partners in imposing further sanctions on Russia and tightening the existing sanctions to crack down on evasion and to ensure robust enforcement.” The President is also expected to make a slew of new announcements including “a joint action on enhancing European energy security and reducing Europe's dependence on Russian gas at long last” as well as “longer term adjustments to NATO force posture on the Eastern Flank.” Biden will also make further commitments on human rights “to respond to the growing flow of refugees” flowing from Ukraine Sullivan said. In Poland Biden “will engage with US troops who are now helping to defend NATO territory and he will meet with experts involved in the humanitarian response” and hold a bilateral meeting with Polish President Andrzej Duda. Sullivan did not say whether the President would meet personally with refugees while traveling to Poland. In his remarks to reporters Tuesday the national security adviser outlined the administration's priorities while traveling to Europe noting that Russian President Vladimir Putin “has thus far manifestly failed” in subjugating neighboring Ukraine enhancing Russian power in the region or degrading Western influence. “For our part since President Biden and the United States began warning the world of impending Russian aggression back in November we have clearly and consistently pursued three lines of effort” Sullivan told reporters. “First help Ukraine defend itself by supplying weapons and military equipment. Second impose severe and escalating economic costs on Russia through the application of unprecedented sanctions in close coordination with allies and partners in Europe the Indo-Pacific and other parts of the world and third fortify NATO and the Western alliance by enhancing our force posture on the eastern flank and making our allies more resilient against other forms of Russian aggression. We've made decisive moves on alll three fronts and President Biden's trip will involve further actions on each of these three fronts.” In a series of tweets Tuesday Biden outlined priorities and stops for his trip. b 