G7 ministers call on Russia to stop attacks near nuclear plants The foreign ministers of the G7 released a joint statement condemning the Russian invasion of Ukraine and calling on Moscow to end its “aggression” and immediately withdraw its forces. “We urge Russia to stop its attacks especially in the direct vicinity of Allow All  0 ALJAZEERA ves Ukraine war Features Economy Opinion Video Ouve Q News | Russia-Ukraine war Latest Ukraine updates: Russian strikes destroy Vinnytsia airport Ukraine-Russia news from March 6: Missile strikes have destroyed the international airport in Vinnytsia. The Havryshivka Vinnytsia International Airport has been hit by missiles [State Emergency Service of Ukraine/Handout via Reuters] By Hamza Mohamed Nadim Asrar and Federica Marsi 0 v 5 Mar 2022 | Updated: 7 Mar 2022 05:54 AM (GMT) A second attempt to evacuate an estimated 200000 people out of Mariupol has come to a halt amid ongoing hostilities. Missile strikes have destroyed the international airport in Vinnytsia. More than 3500 people have been detained at anti-war protests in Russia. The Red Cross says the situation in Mariupol is extremely “dire”. Mastercard Visa and American Express announce they are suspending operations in Russia. Ukraine’s foreign minister tells the US counterpart his country needs fighter jets and air defence systems and says NATO’s refusal to implement a no-fly zone over Ukraine is a “sign of weakness”. The IMF warns that the “serious” global economic effects of the war in Ukraine would be “more devastating” if the conflict escalates. RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR Who controls what in Ukraine? Russia resumes its offensive on the port city of Marlupol after a temporary ceasefire failed with allegations of violations by both sides. Mastercard and Visa suspend operations in Russia. yes eMapbox.20pengrectMap | instuteforthe Study War paste Mare 6 202016509 GMT KEEP READING = Russia's invasion of Ukraine: List of key events from day 11 = Stoicism is Kyiv'’s new normal = ‘There's Poland now walk’: Arab students’ ordeal out of Ukraine This live blog is now closed thanks for joining us. You can read the latest updates from March 7 here. Here are the updates for March 6. 