Medical train carries Ukrainian children with cancer About 60 children — cancer patients from Ukraine — have boarded a medical train in a Polish town bound for hospitals in Warsaw and elsewhere. Medical workers carried some young patients in their arms on  0 ALJAZEERA ves» Ukraine war Features Economy Opinion Video Ouve Q 13d) [ey Moscow says alleged Ukrainian attack on fuel depot in Belgorod harms talks News | Russia-Ukraine war Ukraine latest updates: Civilian convoy leaves besieged Mariupol Ukraine news from March 14: Attempts to evacuate civilians and deliver badly needed humanitarian aid had failed for several days.  A humanitarian crisis is unfolding in Mariupol. a besieged city of 430000 in Ukraine [Evgeniy Maloletka/AP] By Nadim Asrar Nigel Wilson Hamza Mohamed and Federica 0 v Marsi 13 Mar 2022 | Updated: 14 Mar 2022 10:15 PM (GMT) Anew round of talks between Russian and Ukrainian officials has paused and will resume on Tuesday. At least one person was killed and 12 wounded when a shell hit a residential building in Ukraine’s capital Kyiv. Russian forces hit a television tower outside the western city of Rivne killing nine people according to the regional administration. Russian-backed separatists in Donetsk say at least 16 people were killed after remnants of a Ukrainian missile landed on the city centre. More than 160 civilian cars have been able to drive out of Mariupol after numerous failed attempts at evacuating residents from the besieged city. The European Union has adopted a fourth package of sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine. RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR Who controls what in Ukraine? Moscow escalated its offensive by shelling areas perilously close to the Polish border. Besieged Ukrainians hope renewed diplomatic talks with Russia might open the way for more civilians to evacuate. Almost 2.7 million people have left Ukraine in the last two weeks. KEEP READING = First convoy of civilians escapes besieged Mariupol = Analysis: Can the UAE be a safe haven for Russian oligarchs? = Russia's invasion of Ukraine: List of key events from day 19 = Hundreds of anti-war protesters arrested across Russia This live blog is now closed thanks for joining us. You can read the latest updates here. These were the updates for March 14: 