Biden claims he wasn't calling for regime change in Russia. After U.S. President Joe Biden in Poland Saturday said that Russian President Putin “cannot remain in power” the White House clarified bhattha ll C je nat eanbinea ranime phanne im Direcia.  0 Dc TAN RUSSIA-UKRAINE Last Update March 30 2022 12:17am EST Russia to redeploy Kyiv forces not withdraw US official says: LIVE UPDATES AUS. official tells Fox News that ‘any movement of Russian forces from around Kyiv is a redeployment not a withdrawal and the world should be prepared for a major offensive against other areas of Ukraine."" The remark comes after Russia claimed it was withdrawing forces there in hopes of laying the groundwork for a peace deal with Ukraine Covered by: Fox News Lawrence Richard Tyler O'Neil Michael Lee Greg Norman Caitlin McFall Danielle Wallace and oe oO e e Audrey Conklin FAST FACTS @ The White House said Tuesday that President Joe Biden will ‘convene a call with President Macron of France Chancellor Scholz of Germany Prime Minister Draghi of Italy Prime Minister Johnson of the United Kingdom to discuss the latest developments regarding Russia's invasion of Ukraine.” © Ukraine's military said Tuesday that Russian forces have destroyed at least 60 religious buildings since their invasion began last month . Dx Seniors Can Now Claim These New SS Benefits Ifyou get less than $3000/mo of SS you need to claim these 9 benefits. Read The Full List Here SSmartyFinancial 54 Posts SortBy Sort by Newest Coverage for this event has ended. Mareh 29th = Ukraine seeks deal guaranteeing armies with ‘nuclear component will intervene if it is attacked Ukraine is seeking concrete security guarantees during peace negations in Turkey including promises of military assistance during a future conflict from the world's ""leading armies; including those with nuclear weapons in exchange for adopting neutral status. The Treaty on Security Guarantees essentially assumes not in theory but in practice to obtain an effective instrument for protecting our territory and sovereignty; Mihailo Podolyuak top adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said of the talks. ""The guarantor countries become so to speak the leading armies of the world including those with a nuclear component which take on specific legal obligations — to intervene in any conflict on the territory of Ukraine to immediately supply weapons” Read more: Ukraine seeks deal guaranteeing armies with ‘nuclear component’ will intervene if itis attacked again   Posted by Michael Lee a 