China is funding Putin's war: Foreign policy expert 00:00 / 00:00 —2® * sted by Lawrence Richard c 2otn Russian anti-war protestor describes being arrested in Moscow: video * by Lawrence Richard c Ukraine Foreign Affairs First Deputy Minister shares photos from the Luhansk region Emine Dzheppar @ @Emine! pai vy S Ukraine ment official There is not a single settlement left in #Luhansk region that would not suffer from shelling by #Russian occupants. #RussialnvadedUkraine #StandWithUkraine 7:12 AM - Mar 20 2022 O 325 © Reply & Copy link to Tweet Read 39 replies sted by Lawrence Richard oe 2otn Ukrainian refugee in US: ‘I don't believe that we're here’ after cros: border ig the southern For weeks Mayra Sokolovska has watched from afar as Russian artillery gunfire and airstrikes devastate her home country of Ukraine. I still cannot believe it” Sokolovska told Fox News from her home of Beverly Hills Calif. ""Everything where | grew up —all my homeland — is just burnt out [and] destroyed. Many of the images Sokolovska sees of Russia's renewed invasion of Ukraine now in its fourth week come from her 24-year-old brother Roman a soldier with the Ukrainian military. She says he texts her videos from the front lines showing hollowed-out buildings destroyed tanks and the bodies of dead soldiers lining the streets Read more. oe How Russia's hypersonic missile works: Gen. Keane 00:00 / 00:00 —2® * Mi c Fallen Fox News cameraman Pierre Zakrzewski remembered UN refugee agency: 10 million people displaced in Ukraine or have left country The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said on Sunday that 10 million people have either been displaced from their home. in Ukraine or have left the country. Over 3.5 million people have fled Ukraine since Russian President Vladimir Putin announced an invasion into the country beginning a war that has already cost the lives of at least 902 people but that figure is likely much higher because of unconfirmed deaths according to the United Nations. Officials in Europe have voiced concem that capacity is being reached in housing Ukrainian refugees. Read More. oe Russia was not prepared for the Ukrainian resistance: Fmr. State Dept. official 00:00 / 00:00 —2® * Mi c If NATO maintains solidarity Putin ‘forced to back down’: Expert Half of staff at Chernobyl NPP rotated after being held hostage for nearly 4 weeks: IAEA Ukraine has informed the IAEA that many of the staff that were forced to stay at the Chernobyl nuclear power plan amid Russia's takeover of the facility have been allowed to return home. A group of 46 employees rotated into the facility and started a shift Sunday according to reporting from Fox New’s NaNa Sajaia. Itis unclear how long the new employees will stay to operate the plant. Spoke to the family whose father was at the plant since February 24. He is now home and resting. According to him the group of 46 employees started their shift today however it is unclear how long the current group will operate the plant. “Its a positive — albeit long overdue — development that some staff at the Chornobyl NPP have now rotated and returned to their families. They deserve our full respect and admiration for having worked in these extremely difficult circumstances” IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said of the news. Russian forces took control of the facility on February 24 with the staff there having to stick behind and continue to operate the plant without the ability to go home to their families. Read more. oe 3.3 million refugees have fled Ukraine since February 24: UNHCR reports 00:00 / 00:00 —2® * c Zelenskyy evokes Holocaust as he appeals to Israel for aid Ukraine's president on Sunday called on Israel to take a stronger stand against Russia delivering an emotional appeal that compared Russia's invasion of his country to the actions of Nazi Germany. Ina speech to Israeli lawmakers over Zoom President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said it was time for Israel which has emerged as a key mediator between Ukraine and Russia to finally take sides. He said Israel should follow its Western allies by imposing sanctions and providing arms to Ukraine. One can ask for a long time why we can't accept weapons from you or why Israel didn’t impose sanctions against Russia why you are not putting pressure on Russian business’ he said. “It is your choice dear brothers and sisters.” Read More. oe Mariupol residents taken to Russian camps: reports 00:00 / 00:00 —2® * c Russian Defense Ministry calls on Ukraine to surrender Mariupol by 5am on March 21 The Russian Defense Ministry has called for the surrender of Mariupol by 5am March 21 according to Russian state media waming those authorities that remain will be ‘with the bandits. The report also says that Russia will allow for a humanitarian corridor for civilians who wish to leave the city on Sunday where food and medical attention will be provided to those looking to leave the city. by Mic  & Russia doesn't have the forces to mount an effective defense: Retired Lt. Gen. Tom Spoehr Ukrainian troops on the ground collecting war crime evidence Ukraine's Zelenskyy warns of ‘third World War' if peace talks with Russia fail Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy wamed of a third world war if peace talks with Russia fail during a television interview that aired Sunday. Zelenskyy said that ""any format” should be used in order to have a possibility of negotiating with Russia in particular Russian President Vladimir Putin | think that we have to use any format any chance in order to have a possibility of negotiating possibility of talking to Putin. But if these attempts fail that would mean that this is a third World War” Zelenskyy said Read more. oe Putin has ‘grown more risk tolerant’: Dan Hoffman Putin may ‘settle for what he's got and try to go for some sort of negotiation’: Retired Lt. Gen. Another senior Russian military leader dies in Ukraine Russian Deputy Commander Deputy Commander of the Black Sea Fleet Andrey Paliy died during fighting in Ukraine Russian state media reported Sunday. Paliy was killed during fighting in the Mariupol region the report said. He joins a growing list of senior Russian leaders who have died during the invasion so far with Ukrainian officials claiming that their forces have killed at least five Russian generals. by Mic  oe Every drop of oil from Russia is funding Putin's war: Sen Blackburn * c Zelenskyy: Israel must make stance clearer Moscow seeking ‘final solution’ Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke Sunday to Israel's Knesset members urging the government to take a clearer stance against Russia with more pressure and stronger sanctions. Zelenskyy thanked Israel for playing such a vital role in mediation but added that you can mediate between states but not between “good and evil.” He also claimed that Moscow has used the same terminology of “final solution” and referenced the connection between Ukraine and the Jewish. oe NATO chief declines to give chemical weapons redline in Russia-Ukraine war NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg sidestepped answering whether Russia potentially using chemical weapons in its invasion of Ukraine would spur NATO to rethink imposing a no-fly zone over Ukraine. It does sound like what you're saying is you don't have an answer yet on what the use of chemical weapons would do to NATO's stance about Ukraine” ""Meet the Press"" host Chuck Todd told Stoltenberg Sunday morning Any use of chemical weapons will be a blatant and brutal violation of international law - the ban on the use of chemical weapons. At the same time we know that Russia has used chemical agents in Europe before against their own political opponents"" Stoltenberg told Todd Click here to read more. & UN: 902 civilians in Ukraine dead since Russian invasion started The U.N. human rights office (OHCHR) reported Sunday that at least 902 civilians in Ukraine have been killed since the start of Russia's invasion A further 1459 civilians have been injured in that time. The number for both is likely higher than what the U.N. has been able to record. + aten a Biden to revisit Europe this week no plans for Ukraine stop White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki announced Sunday that President Biden would visit Europe again this week. Details of the trip including stops have yet to be revealed but Psaki made clear that Biden will not visit Ukraine. The trip will be focused on continuing to rally the world in support of the Ukrainian people and against President Putin's invasion of Ukraine” Psaki wrote. & Ukraine warns more Russian Wagner Group mercenaries sent to ‘eliminate’ Zelenskyy The Ukrainian defense ministry warned Sunday that another group of Russian Wagner Group mercenaries arrived in Ukraine on a mission to assassinate Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and take out other high-ranking Ukrainian politicians on the fourth week since the invasion's onset. Another group of militants linked to Yevgeniy Prigozhin a Russian propagandist close to Putin and owner of the Liga (Wagner) began arriving in Ukraine today."" the Main Intelligence Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine said in a Facebook post. The main task of criminals is to eliminate the top military and political leadership of Ukraine” Click here to read more. oe Ukraine warns Belarus planning ‘direct invasion’ to assist Putin's forces Ukrainian officials warned on Sunday that the Belarusian military was preparing to invade at the onset of the fifth week since Russian President Viadimir Putin's forces first descended on Ukraine last month. Ina statement shared to Facebook Ukraine's Ministry of Defense said there were signs that suggested the armed forces of the Republic of Belarus were preparing for a “direct invasion’ of Ukrainian territory. Click here to read more. & Russia deploys more Wagner personnel to Ukraine: defense officials Ukraine's Defense Ministry on Sunday claimed to have intelligence that suggested Russia has deployed more Wagner personnel in an effort to eliminate senior political and military leaders in Ukraine. Officials said that Putin ""personally"" ordered the attack which will target Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy as well as Prime Minister Denis Shmigal. But the Defense Ministry said ""Ukrainian army special services and law enforcement agencies are well-known Kremlin plans. “We are ready for the rest of the aggressor both in the front and in the back"" a press release said. ""No terrorist attacks will succeed. + aten a Russia orders deployment of cadets: Ukrainian Defense Ministry Ukrainian defense officials claimed Sunday to have obtained documents that indicate Russia has ordered the deployment of cadets to Ukraine. Russian President Viadimir Putin has repeatedly told his people that the army is not utilizing cadets but photos of the documents posted online indicate that Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu has signed an order to the contrary. The deployment will see Yunarmia cadets aged 17 and 18 pushed to the frontlines in Ukraine. Aitken oe US official: Russia did fire more than one hypersonic missile A Senior U.S. official confirmed to Fox News that Russia did deploy more than one hypersonic missile Saturday. Fox News correspondent Jennifer Griffin reported that officials have stressed that the use of such a weapon is not part of an escalation towards nuclear weapons But officials have speculated that Putin may instead be running out of precision guided missiles. Aitken oe Russia invasion: Putin becoming ‘pariah’ before world stage experts say Russian President Viadimir Putin is becoming a “pariah' an outcast before the world stage amid his ongoing invasion of Ukraine foreign policy experts say. While experts believe its too soon to determine whether Putin will be successful in his attempts to take control of Ukraine — acknowledging that there will likely be some form of a partial victory — it is clear that the Russian dictator has done irreversible damage to his own country with the invasion. | think Putin's future is grim. | think at home he will be under the constant threat of opposition — possibly of a coup some kind of power grab — to remove him because even his closest allies are now seeing the problem’ said Robert English a professor of Central European Studies at the University of Southern California. ""And if they gain less by staying loyal than they would if he's replaced it's just a matter of how to do it Click here to read more. & New poll finds Ukrainians overwhelmingly believe Russia will lose war Anew poll by the Rating Group found that 93% of Ukrainians believe they will defeat Russia. Almost half of Ukrainians polled believe the war will end in the next few weeks The Kyiv Independent reported. And Ukrainians do not support a ceasefire unless Russia fully retreats from the country. + aten a Zelenskyy blasts Russian ‘terror’ as Mariupol art school sheltering 400 is struck Russia's ""terror"" unleashed on the city of Mariupol Ukraine this month will be ‘remembered for centuries to come” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy predicted Sunday. Zelenskyy’s remarks came in his latest video statement to Ukraine's citizens The Associated Press reported. The remarks coincided with Sunday reports that Russian forces had destroyed an art school building in Mariupol where as many as 400 people were believed to have sought shelter. Click here to read more on Fox News. & Mariupol art school where 400 sheltered bombed; casualties unclear The Russians bombed an art school in Mariupol where about 400 people were sheltering in the latest attack on the besieged port city local authorities said Sunday. It's unclear if there were any casualties. & ital nu s lay ina  At least 115 children have been killed by Russian forces during the war so far Ukraine's Prosecutor General's Office said Sunday. Another 140 have been injured A 9-year-old boy died in Kharkiv on Sunday during a Russian artillery attack. I's unclear if he was included in the count. oe Putin's war against Ukraine may have spiritual religious foundations: 'Good vs. evil The fuel behind Russian President Vladimir Putin's rage against Ukraine probably has more spiritual and religious foundations than most pundits have acknowledged. For religious leaders the war in Ukraine is a top concern For faith leaders in media this conflict is not just about politics. Dirk Smith is one of the thousands of faith leaders in media who met last week in Nashville Tennessee for the National Religious Broadcasters convention. He says Russia's invasion of Ukraine is a simple spiritual matter. Its good versus evil. It is not Russians versus Ukrainians Smith says. ""The Russian people — they don't want this.” Click here to read more on Fox News. oe Civilians killed in Kharkiv At laest five civilians were killed by a Russian artillery attack in the easter city of Kharkiv Sunday morning including a 9-year-old boy local authorities said The city has faced relentless attacks since the start of the war. The Associated Press contributed to this report. oe Belarus leader Lukashenko lavishes Putin with praise: ‘Better shape than ever’ Russia's President Viadimir Putin has been derided by world leaders as a ""dangerous"" and “small feral-eyed man"" as he directs the invasion of Ukraine. But don’t tell that to Belarus’ President Alexander Lukashenko. In an interview with a Japanese media outlet Lukashenko ~ a Putin ally whose country borders both Russia and Ukraine and was reportedly used as a staging area for the invasion that began Feb. 24 and is now in its fourth week — described the 69-year-old former KGB agent as 'a completely sane healthy person physically healthy ~ hes an athlete. “As they say here"" Lukashenko added about Putin “he'll catch a cold at all our funerals.” Click here to read more on Fox News. oe Only people around Putin now are 'yes men’: Former Army intelligence officer Michael Pregent weighs in on Putin reportedly detaining top Russian general oe Zelenskyy suspends 11 political parties with Russian ties Ukraine's President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday ordered the suspension of 11 political parties in Ukraine that have ties to Russia The Opposition Platform for Life is the largest with 44 out of 450 seats in parliament. The party's leader Viktor Medvedchuk is friendly with Russian President Vladimir Putin who is the godfather of Medvedchuk's daughter. He also suspnded the Nashi Party led by Yevheniy Murayev who U.K. authorities previously warned Russia would try to install as the new president of Ukraine. “given a large-scale war unleashed by the Russian Federation and links between it and some political structures the activities of a number of political parties is suspended for the period of the martial law.” He added that “activities by politicians aimed at discord and collaboration will not succeed” oe  is position in Mariu Saturday March 12 2022. (AP Photo/Mstysiav Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy early Sunday said Russia's attack on the besieged city of Mariupol would be remembered for centuries for its “terror’ on the residents and ""war crimes"" committed. Mariupol is a strategic port city and its fall would mark a crucial advance for Russian troops who have yet to take control of a major Ukrainian city nearly a month into the war. “To do this to a peaceful city what the occupiers did is a terror that will be remembered for centuries to come” Zelenskyy said in a video address to the nation A Mariupol police officer in a separate video said children and the elderly are dying in the city which has been largely without necessities like food and water since the war started “The city is destroyed and it is wiped off the face of the earth” Officer Michail Vershnin said. sted by Brie oe As war rages Ukrainian-American couple with newborn stranded in Kyiv open bakery A Ukrainian-American couple who traveled from New York to Kyiv for business say they could not escape the Ukrainian capital city before the war broke out Feb. 24 because they welcomed a new baby just days before the Russian invasion which prevented them from leaving. Now they're turning to the bread business to supplement their income. Intemational officials ""were telling people you have to leave because there is the possibility of war but my wife being nine months pregnant [made that] impossible said Sergii Nosenko. Click here to read more on Fox News. oe Fox News correspondent recounts his view from the frontlines in Ukraine Steve Harrigan describes what was different from most other war zones following his return from Ukraine. Posted by Brie Stimson Siftye  /Evgeniy Malolet The city council of the besieged city of Mariupol this weekend claimed that Russian troops have forcibly relocated thousands of residents sending some to Russia Ukraine is still holding the key Black Sea port that has seen some of the worst of the war. The fall of Mariupol would mark a major battlefield advance for the Russians who are largely bogged down outside major cities more than three weeks in. Local officials report that more than 2500 residents have been killed in the city. The Associated Press contributed to this report. & Chinese official calls sanctions on Russia increasingly ‘outrageous’ A senior Chinese government official said on Saturday that sanctions imposed by Western nations on Russia over Ukraine are increasingly ""outrageous"". Vice Foreign Minister Le Yucheng also acknowledged Moscow's point of view on NATO saying the alliance should not further expand eastwards forcing a nuclear power like Russia “into a corner’. China has yet to condemn Russia's action in Ukraine or call it an invasion though it has expressed deep concern about the war. Beijing has also opposed economic sanctions on Russia over Ukraine which it says are unilateral and are not authorized by the U.N. Security Council. Click here to read more on Fox Business & US doesn't 'seem prepared’ for possibility that Putin uses nuclear weapons: expert The United States’ reactionary moves to Russia's invasion of Ukraine suggest that it does not have an adequate plan in place to respond if Russian President Vladimir Putin decides to use a nuclear weapon a former U.S. intelligence officer told Fox News. Rebekah Koffler a former U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency agent and author of ""Putin's Playbook: Russia's Secret Plan to Defeat America” explained to Fox News that while the U.S. certainly has a strategic plan in place if Putin uses a nuclear weapon recent responses to Russia's aggression instill little confidence that the United States is doing the necessary preparation for such an outcome Click here to read more on Fox News. & Putin targeting civilians is ‘incomprehensible’: Johnny ‘Joey’ Jones The Big Weekend Show panelists react to Russia's attacks on civilian targets in Ukraine. & & Get the Best of Fox News Fast 24/7 alerts delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe to be in the know of the most important moments around the world Email Address By subscribing you agree to our Privacy Policy.  here Live Coverage beg Sponsored Stories You May Like a * ) a _  Cae ees a Trump: 'How on earth’ can Judge Jackson US commander estimates nearly three- Piers Morgan reveals Will Smith once told say what the Constitution is if she can't say quarters of Russian forces are dedicated to. him ‘don't upset my wife you wouldn't like what a woman is Ukraine me when I'm angry’ FoxNews oxNews  Before Will Smith Oscars slap Chris Rock Former CBS News reporter slammed for MSNBC's Chuck Todd snaps at guest over once recalled how he let people ‘walk all over _ saying Biden's speech in Poland topped criticism of Hunter Biden media coverage: him’ Reagan's ‘tear down that wall’ ‘That's the laziest attack’ FoxNews Sponsored Stories Trump: ‘How on earth’ can Judge Jackson say what the Constitution is if she can't say what a woman is Fox News. Us commander estimates nearly three-quarters of Russian forces are dedicated to Ukraine Fox News. Piers Morgan reveals Will Smith once told him ‘dont upset my wife you wouldnt like me when I'm angry’ Fox News. Before Will Smith Oscars slap Chris Rock once recalled how he let people ‘walk all over him’ Fox News. Former CBS News reporter slammed for saying Biden's speech in Poland topped Reagan's ‘tear down that wall’ Fox News. MSNBC's Chuck Todd snaps at guest over criticism of Hunter Biden media coverage: ‘That's the laziest attack’ Fox News. Ads by Yahoo as iT) oT er Cua ta aM cet ea OC ean Bor Wietrny eco Se) coe ary aod De Rey rer ary ea Colao Seog Sony od ad a ea) DEE Coro Elections Oa Ts Re PST Trey Pay Bate Tech Pee aaa Food + Drink Archaeology Coy od remand PUES tod cto Ney aon ned rete) Drones  0 CC   RUSSIA-UKRAINE  Bx Don't Forget To Claim Stimulus tizens are due a large stimulus benefits this ou Must Open > Last Update March 22 2022 12:40am EST Holocaust survivor 96 is killed in Ukraine: LIVE Germany's Buchenwald concentration camp memorial said Friday that Boris Romanchenko — a Holocaust survivor who was 96 years old has been killed in the Ukrainian city of Kharkiv. Ukraine also refused to surrender Mariupol after Russian President Vladimir Putin gave an ultimatum to surrender the city by 5 a.m. Monday. Covered by: Fox News Lawrence Richard Michael Lee Tyler O'Neil Greg Norman Bailee Hill Peter Aitken Danielle oe oO e e Wallace and Rebecca Rosenberg FAST FACTS @ Videos have emerged on Twitter purportedly showing Russian troops in the southern Ukrainian city of Kherson opening fire at protesters. ‘@ Acourt in Moscow on Monday has labeled Meta an ""extremist organization’ following Russia's ban on Facebook and Instagram according to reports. © Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy vowed during a video address Monday that Ukraine would eliminate the Russian pilot who attacked an art school in Mariupol over the weekend where around 400 civilians were taking shelter. . Dx Seniors Can Now Claim These New SS Benefits Ifyou get less than $3000/mo of SS you need to claim these 9 benefits. Read The Full List Here 52 Posts Sort By Sort by Newest Coverage for this event has ended. March 21st a Putin puts Russian spies who scouted Ukraine under house arrest suggests growing distrust of KGB Itis not that his spies are necessarily incompetent. Vladimir Putin apparently just thinks they are Two members of the FSB the successor agency to the KGB who were supposed to have prepped the ground for the Russian invasion of Ukraine are reportedly under house arrest. Colonel-General Sergei Beseda and his deputy apparently dropped the ball. Or are being blamed for an operation that by most accounts is bogged down. Questions are likely being asked. ""Why didn't Ukrainains welcome Russian soldiers? Where did the money earmarked for that operation go? Was it unwisely spent or stolen by those in charge of it?"" There were no crowds greeting the invading force with flowers as some in Russia had anticipated Read more. Posted by Michael Lee oe 