Putin brings brutal war to Ukrainian capital's doorstep  0 CO cd Don't Forget To Claim Stimulus je benefit this week (You Must Apply Open > GoodHomeowner Last Update March 16 2022 12:31am EST Biden to travel to Europe next week for NATO summit on war in Ukraine: LIVE UPDATES President Biden is scheduled to travel to Europe next week for a NATO summit about the war in Ukraine the White House says. Covered by: Fox News Michael Lee Lawrence Richard Tyler O'Neil Greg Norman Danielle Wallace Audrey Conklin oe oO e e and Brooke Singman FAST FACTS @ Residents of Mariupol Ukraine have reportedly contacted a human rights organization with complaints that Russian forces have occupied an intensive care hospital. © Three European leaders are expected to travel to the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv on Tuesday before a 35-hour curfew for civilians takes effect as Russian forces advance and the city is under sustained shelling @ The United Nations says nearly 3 million people have fled Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion.   bx Don't Forget To Claim Stimulus s benefits this “a GoodHomeowner Open > 58 Posts SortBy Sort by Newest ¥ Coverage for this event has ended. March 15th P+ pne Russia reveals why it sanctioned Biden other top American officials President Joe Biden speaks at the National League of Cities Congressional City Conference on Monday in Washington. (AP/Patrick Semansky) Russia's Foreign Ministry said Tuesday that sanctions it's imposing on President Biden and other top U.S. officials are ""the inevitable consequence of the extremely Russophobic course taken by the current U.S. Administration: In response to a series of unprecedented sanctions prohibiting among other things entry into the United States for top officials of the. Russian Federation... the Russian ‘stop list’ includes on the basis of reciprocity President Biden Secretary of State Blinken Secretary of Defense Austin and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Milley as well as a number of departmental heads and well-known American figures’ it said in a statement. White House Press Secretary Jen Psaki Hunter Biden and Hillary Clinton are also among those Russia says it is sanctioning. This step taken as a counter reaction was the inevitable consequence of the extremely Russophobic course taken by the current U.S. Administration which in a desperate attempt to maintain American hegemony has staked discarding all decency on the frontal containment of Russia.’ it added Click here to read more on Fox News. Posted by Greg Norman oe 