President Zelenskyy invites world leaders to Kyiv to see destruction first-hand  0 CO cd No Upfront Fees Learn How To Safely Cancel Your Timeshare Co ah 2&8 XTimeshares Open > Last Update March 18 2022 11:58am EST American citizen killed in Ukraine State Department says: LIVE UPDATES ‘The State Department said Thursday that an American citizen has been killed in Ukraine. Covered by: Fox News Tyler O'Neil Michael Lee Lawrence Richard Greg Norman Amy Kellogg Paul Connor Peter oe oO e e Aitken Paulina Dedaj Emma Colton Brooke Singman Stephanie Pagones and Danielle Wallace FAST FACTS @ The United Kingdoms Ministry of Defence said Thursday that Russia's invasion of Ukraine has ‘largely stalled on all fronts. @ Ukrainian lawmaker Lesia Vasylenko says there are reports of injuries following a Russian attack on a theater in Mariupol but not deaths © Chernihiv has suffered “colossal losses and destruction’ as a result of the Russian military's bombardment its regional governor says.  Dx The New CT5 Is Simply Amazing Discover features pricing sales and more with t op searches. The CTS Is Amazing Luxury Auto Open > 55 Posts Sort By Sort by Newest Coverage for this event has ended. March 17th = US fears Putin may threaten use of nuclear weapons if Russia remains stalled in Ukraine US. intelligence officials believe Vladimir Putin may threaten to unleash Russia's nuclear arsenal increasingly as Ukrainian defense forces continue to thwart his invasion of their country. Lt. Gen. Scott Bertier director of the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency revealed the concerns in a new report on global threats dated March 15 and obtained by Fox News Thursday. As this war and its consequences slowly weaken Russian conventional strength Russia likely will increasingly rely on its nuclear deterrent to signal the West and project strength to its internal and extemal audiences” he wrote. U.S. officials believe Putin intends to “overturn the U.S.ted rules based post-Cold War international order” and reclaim former Soviet territories. “Russia views a powerful survivable nuclear force as the foundation of its national security and its modernized general purposes forces as critical to meet any conventional military threat and project Russian power abroad” Bertier wrote. Additionally Russian forces are using “indiscriminate methods” of attack that are leveling cities killing civilians and damaging infrastructure in retaliation for Ukraine's effective resistance according to the report. The DIA also called into question Putin's credibility on his claims to have “modernized” the Russian military. Russia's modernization is intended to ensure Russia can field a military capable of engaging in the full spectrum of warfare to deter or defeat a wide scope of threats but initial setbacks in Ukraine call some of Putin's narrative into question” Berrier wrote. At the same time Russia claims it has updated more than 85% of its nuclear weapons and is working on developing missiles that are capable of circumventing Wester defenses in order to ""ensure that Russia can credibly inflict unacceptable damage on the West.” Read more. Posted by Fox News oe 