No major Russian progress in north and northeast Ukraine: Pentagon Russian forces have made major progress in the north and northeast of Ukraine in the last few days the Pentagon said. Pentagon spokesman John Kirby said Russian troops took the city of Kherson and were attempting to encircle Mariupol but were not in control of it.  ° =. ° - azeera TO anda a pare Secu Tus Cea ery important and consenting to our collection of some personal informatio Allow All DD  0 ALJAZEERA News Ukraine war Features Economy Opinion Video More v. PVC) [ey UN humanitarian chief to visit Moscow Kyiv in next days News | Russia-Ukraine war Latest Ukraine updates: Strike hits Mariupol hospital complex Russian attack hits a children’s hospital and maternity ward in besieged port city Ukrainian officials say.   An injured pregnant woman is carried away from the damaged maternity hospital in Mariupol Ukraine [Evgeniy Maloletka/AP] By David Child Mersiha Gadzo Jihan Abdalla and Federica Marsi 0 v 8 Mar 2022 | Updated: 9 Mar 2022 09:55 PM (GMT) Ukrainian officials say a hospital complex in the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol has been hit by a Russian attack. President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has denounced the incident as an “atrocity” and reiterated a call for Kyiv’s allies to impose a no-fly zone over Ukraine. Kyiv has called for an immediate ceasefire around the defunct Chernoby] nuclear power plant amid a power cut at the site. Russia’s defence ministry has admitted that some conscripts were deployed to Ukraine days after President Vladimir Putin denied that was the case. RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR Who controls what in Ukraine? Russia says itis ready to provide humanitarian corridors to evacuate civilians from Kyiv and other Ukrainian cities. More than 2 million people have fled Ukraine. So  om en KEEP READING = Russia's invasion of Ukraine: List of key events from day 14 = ‘Smells of genocide’: How Putin justifies Russia's war in Ukraine = China's Xi: Beijing supports peace talks between Russia Ukraine = Ukraine war: Is impartiality always key to quality journalism? This live blog is now closed; thank you for joining us. For the latest news on March 10 go here. Here are the updates for March 9: 