Show of support: Blinken meets Ukraine FM Kuleba Blinken met Kuleba on the Poland-Ukraine border on day 10 of Russia’s invasion of its neighbour. The two spoke for 45 minutes under high security at a border crossing full of refugees fleeing Russia's invasion of Ukraine discussing more arms for Kyiv’s military and how to keep up global pressure on Moscow. “T hope the people of Ukraine will be able to see this as a clear manifestation that we have friends who literally stand by us” Kuleba said after they met at Korezowa-Krakovets. Blinken said Ukraine is “going to prevail”. Welcome to Al Jazeera’s continuing coverage of the Ukraine-Russia crisis. Read all the updates from Saturday March 5 here. SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES RELATED ® Russia's invasion of Ukraine: List of key events from day 11 As the Russia-Ukraine war enters its eleventh day we take a look at the major developments. 6 Mar 2022 Photos: Russian shelling batters en- circled Ukrainian towns Desperate scenes across war-struck country as Russia continues its military offensive. @ 6 Mar 2022 ‘Our country we have to protect it’: Ukrainians who stay behind Some 1.4 million people have fled Ukraine to es- cape fighting but others stayed behind to join lo- cal defence units 6 Mar 2022 Hundreds of students trapped in Ukraine's Sumy amid shelling Under Russian shelling and with no means to es- cape foreign students trapped in Sumy are grow- ing increasingly desperate. 5 Mar 2022 MORE FROM NEWS ® 4 Honduras oo Ukraine says seizes assets Russian forces of ex-president pushed back awaiting US around Kyiv extradition UN sending top ‘Impossible to official to proceed’: Red Moscow to Cross halts seek Mariupol humanitarian evacuation ceasefire MOST READ ® Ukraine latest Sri Lanka updates: ICRC declares state says Mariupol of emergency evacuation on as protests hold spread OPINION Taiwan's What will ‘silicon shield’: Russia's post- Why island may invasion not be the next economy look Ukraine like? Advertisement About Connect Our Channels Our Network Follow Al Jazeera English: About Us Contact Us Al Jazeera Arabic Al Jazeera Centre for Studies Code of Ethics Apps Al Jazeera English v oy 0 Al Jazeera Media Terms and Channel Finder Al Jazeera Institute Conditions Investigative Unit TV Schedule Lear Arabic EU/EEA Regulatory Al Jazeera Notice Podcasts Mubasher Al Jazeera Centre 0 for Public Liberties Je Privacy Policy Submit a Tip Al Jazeera & Human Rights oo Documentary Cookie Policy Al Jazeera Forum © 2022 Al Jazeera Media Network | Al Jazeera Balkans Cookie Al Jazeera Hotel Preferences AJ+ Partners Sitemap Community Guidelines Work for us HR Quality e = e A = a3 6 e = 6 = orl ge Allow All  0 ALJAZEERA News Ukraine war Features Economy Opinion Video More v. 13d) [ey UN humanitarian chief to visit Moscow Kyiv in next days News | Russia-Ukraine war Latest Ukraine updates: UN urges safe passage for civilians Russia-Ukraine news from March 7: Kyiv says Russian shelling is preventing evacuation of civilians and delivery of aid.  Civilians are attempting to escape from the town of Irpin after heavy shelling on the only escape route used by locals [Carlos Barria/Reuters] By David Child Nadim Asrar and Federica Marsi 0 v 6 Mar 2022 | Updated: 7 Mar 2022 10:17 PM (GMT) A third round of talks has resulted in small progress on evacuation logistics Ukraine says. Moscow has announced a temporary ceasefire and a plan to evacuate Ukrainians from several cities mainly to Russia and Belarus. Kyiv has rejected the proposal as “immoral” and said Ukrainian citizens should be allowed to evacuate to other parts of Ukraine. Previous ceasefire attempts in the southeastern port city of Mariupol collapsed over the weekend. Russia's top diplomat will reportedly meet with his Ukrainian counterpart on Thursday in Turkey. The UN has warned that Russia’s invasion has triggered the fasting-growing refugee crisis in Europe since World War II. More than 1.7 million people have fled the conflict. RUSSIA-UKRAINE WAR Who controls what in Ukraine? Deaths and widespread damage in several Ukrainian cities as both sides prepare for another round of peace talks expected on Monday. More than 15 million people have fled Ukraine. Pye) sreeap | retatelor te Study of War caret ph Mar 7 200 2D OMT KEEP READING = Russia's invasion of Ukraine: List of key events from day twelve = Xi should pressure Putin to end this war for China's own sake = Is Putin likely to face the ICC over Russia's actions in Ukraine? = Far from Putin's Russia Tajikistan’s people feel sanctions pain This live blog is now closed; thank you for joining us. For the latest news on March 8 go here. Here are the updates for March 7: 