Kuleba urges companies to boycott Russia Ukraine’s foreign minister has urged international companies to boycott Russia in an open letter. “Ukraine requests the ethically and socially responsible global businesses to stop or suspend operations with or in Russia therefore refusing to finance its violence murders and crimes against humanity” Dmytro Kuleba tweeted. A widening corporate backlash to Moscow's offensive has already seen a range of firms including Apple IKEA and Nike suspend operations in Russia. QO Dmytro Kuleba @ @DmytroKuleba vw Ukraine government official Ukraine requests the ethically and socially responsible global businesses to stop or suspend operations with or in Russia therefore refusing to finance its violence murders and crimes against humanity. Please read and share my full appeal to global business community below.  veloped from occupying our bombings of peaceful resident using mass casualties of civilians innocent men ‘women and chidren breaking all possible rules and principles of international and humanitarian law. AS you are reading this letter our people schools kindergartens hospitals and infrastructure remain under the intense shelling and shootings by the Russian Armed Forces The courageous Ukrainians ae fighting day and night to defend their homeland protect homes ‘and families but also to protect Europe and the main principles of the global community ~ humanity the rule of law and international order enshrined in the United Nations Charter. Global leaders from the government and private sector international organizations and multinational companies undertake collaborative efforts to weaken Russia's economic and military edge as these resources are being used for threatening and blackmailing Ukraine and the entire civilized world ‘Amid these dire times for Ukraine | am writing to you with the following request: {cal on you and your organization to join the ethically and socially responsible global businesses which have already stopped or suspended operations with orn the Russian Federation refusing tofinance Russian violence murders and crimes against humanity with thei taxes. [As soon as Ukraine wins this war we will start renewing our infrastructure and economy ‘continuing the path of reforms to become a full-fledged member of the European Union In this regard | would like to invite your company to express solidarity with Ukraine and join other ‘multinational companies who have aleady publicly expressed thee readiness to start or resume business in my country (On behalf of the Government of Ukraine | am also requesting you to support Ukraine and its people in financial humanitarian or any other meaningful way that you find appropriate. ‘Aswe count on every voice of the responsible global business community I thank youn advance {for your favorable consideration of my request and look forward to welcoming youand your team in Ukraine Light wil prevall over darkness. t simply must. Act now to bring this victory as soon as possible Sincerely Dmytro KULEBA 4:01 AM - Mar 8 2022 @® O 141K OD Reply & Copylink Read 330 replies 