Minnesota man freed after being detained in Russia: Sen Klobuchar Mary McGuire @ vw @mcguirereports NEW: @amyklobuchar says Winona native Tyler Jacob has been released from Russian custody and is back with his wife and daughter. Klobuchar Announces Release tincseceraracsominevionessncecrin of Tyler Jacob Minnesota Native danger. As Vir Putin continues his Detained in Russia During “ster to onmiinento uporng he people of Ukraine steaatas Invasion of Ukraine hat Tyler safe. THshasbeen a ce and | am eo grateful othe 3 Depart and embassy wo  Winona native unjustly detained by Russian {forces in Ukraine has been reunited with his  helped us leeate Tylor and goth out of Rusia. ar wile and daughter epoca atte Senator Kebuenafor her steadfast support trough tis whol recess. This WASHINGTON-U'S. Senator Amy Kicbuchar(O-_was.¢paren's wos ighare bull can rst ea9y May suo he statement below anrouneng he ‘ong knowing my son has made ito eat” sald release of Tyr Jacob a Monescta nave ng Tina Hause Tyler's mother ""Ws anne hank ‘Usaine who ha been uty detained by Fusian everyone enough oa the suppl ver he forces Jaco lot Russian custody ands now sally oun.” ithe vite ana ugha “The hasbeen the most trerzing experiance ae 8 ® Mary McGuire @ @mcauirereports Tyler Jacob’s mom got a phone call from the US Embassy in Moscow today telling her they're searching for her son but it will be a “long slow process The 28-year-old from Winona has been missing since Saturday when he was reportedly taken prisoner by Russian soldiers. 3:28 PM - Mar 25 2022 @ ® Read the full conversation on Twitter 9 36 O Reply & Copylink Read 9 replies Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar released a statement Friday announcing the release of Tyler Jacob a Minnesota man who had been detained in Russia. “Lam relieved that Tyler is safely reunited with his wife and daughter” Klobuchar said in the statement. ""Over the last two Weeks my team and I have been in close contact with his family the State Department and the U.S. embassy in Moscow working towards this outcome and | am grateful that we were able to help bring him to safety.” Klobuchar added ""While this is good news my heart remains with all those separated from their loved ones or in danger. As Vladimir Putin continues his senseless war our commitment to supporting the people of Ukraine is steadfast.” Jacob was taken by Russian soldiers as he tried to flee Ukraine for his own safety at the approximately two weeks ago. He was detained in Russia for ten days as his family tried to work with the U.S. State Department and U.S. embassy in Moscow to locate him and bring him home. “Lam so ecstatic that Tyler is safe’ Tina Hauser Jacobs’ mother said in the statement. ""This has been a harrowing experience and | am so grateful to the officials in the State Department and embassy who helped us locate Tyler and get him out of Russia. | am especially grateful to Senator Klobuchar for her steadfast support through this whole process. This was a parent's worst nightmare but | can rest easy tonight knowing my son has made it to safety.” Posted by Brie Stimson a 